the meeting was mostly about the logistics of covering the transcriptions , including the base station , and a spectral connector . the team members shared and discussed how to move forward to fulfilling the deadline day . the meeting ended with a general discussion about the transcriptions of the recording equipment and their demands .
there is a slight worry about how the team could replace the wired wireless mikes with a wired wireless setup . the two are now in the making and have a base station with six wireless receivers . another wireless setup was expensive , but it did seem to be better than the wired .
the challenge of the transition of the excluded students was to ensure that everything in place for that to go back to school , where it was possible . the key stage 4 program was how effective they are at reintegrating young people into mainstream education ? then they were looking at the whole package of support , then that surrounds not just the learner but the learner family .
marketing suggested that the fruit and vegetable theme would be the current trend in fashion , technology , and the remote should be included in the ease of use . in the end , the designers had incorporated a trend in fruity colours , fruits and vegetables so that they should print the fruit , vegetables and make the remote look like a banana instead of a sitting room .
industrial designer said that they needed custom parts and other parts to be included in the circuit board , because circuit board had to take the input button and send it to the output so that users had to design that each time . and project manager later admitted that there needed a buzzer or squint or other sort of noise . the case required rubber buttons so if it could only be used in the flat cases and it was really heavy .
industrial designer thought they were not aware of the new trend in fruity products and made some adjustments . one way was to make a screen for the remote control to be used was a touch -based graphical interface system . users could switch channels to different functions such as volume or volume . voice recognition could also be added . project manager agreed and supposed that the wheel went through like a hundred channels , so people were going to have some kind of screen if it was not going to wear it .
according to marketing 's research , most of the stuff was pretty cheap though it was bought in bulk . so he thought solar power was not available with the rubber case . fortunately , if something moves , it could stores energy , it would be a dynamo or a solar power .
industrial designer thought that they could order a wind or a solar power , but he believed solar power was not available with the rubber case . for instance , industrial designer pointed out that it could be a bicycle dynamo or a bicycle in the en route it was a bicycle mechanism .
the price of the chip was quite cool , if it was big sold in bulk , though he did think it 's that much of a problem . he preferred some chips were more expensive than others , sort of things and did give him an actual cost of the most expensive part .
the meeting began with the harsh budget problem that the group had to cut down something of the remote control , otherwise they would be unable to handle the budget . they talked about reducing the buttons , integrating functions , or using lcd screens . after the discussion , the marketing offered a questionnaire for the group to check if they were on the right track . through the questionnaire , they found that it would be better if they paid more attention to the external design so the industrial design embellished the logo and logo . as the last thing left to the meeting , the group reviewed their cooperation and got a general plan of their coming group presentation .
the group discussed two approaches : a n project in which they talked about the current remote controls , the colour and the buttons of the remote control , and the shape of buttons . the first presentation was about the marketing strategy . the team followed by the latest trends , pointing out that several questions were raised during the course of the year . then , the team evaluated the criteria of the product and gave an average score for their new remotes . after that , the user interface designer suggested doing a street survey with fruits and vegetables as well as bright colours .
the team was curious to use the scroll wheel for the first time since it was easy to use . in addition , the rest of the team still had to pay attention to the second layer since they had to use it . however , the team was uncertain about the ease of the criteria .
when discussing the marketing interface market evaluation criteria , marketing recommended to make a speaker too quickly if the group 's customers wanted to change the functionality . however , he wondered if it would be better if the remote control would be charged with battery or recharge .
when nick mentioned that it did get more difficult at key stage 4 , and it was working with . it was a model that the sake of the learner would go back to school , where it was possible . however , he wondered whether it was continuing now .
the team first gave a presentation about the project finance and the use of the drawing board . however , part of the team was not finished . project manager thought that the biggest problem was that the team had to finish the meeting . then marketing talked about the design of the remote control , for which user interface and industrial designer presented the basic functions in the design . then , the team agreed that according to the results from the previous group , people would be willing to pay more attention to the remote under the budget . in the end they went for a universal device , making it more user .
user interface said the biggest problem at the time was that the team had to give up the data that they had done wrong at the wrong time . however , if they had a discussion on the prices they could have produced , then there would be no difference between this and each of them .
project manager gave a brief review of the team 's last meeting , then industrial designer , user interface and marketing gave their presentation each . industrial designer 's presentation is about the components and project plan respectively . then user interface presented on what features were desired by remote control users , and industrial designer followed with a menu display and a menu to go into a remote control . then , marketing presented on the market trend and profit goal is fifty million euros . the group agreed to market the remote as well as only the environmentally friendly design and only keep it simple and basic .
the group agreed that the remote control should be fashionable and stylish as a mobile phone . the group also decided to be a product accessible and usable by all age groups . however , the user interface expert thought it was not a case of worrying about different languages and design .
industrial designer suggested incorporating a menu display when discussing remote controls . project manager agreed and supposed that the remote control should be intuitive and user . users could press a key and it was meant to understand that users did necessarily understand symbols and that the design should be incorporated into the design of a remote control .
industrial designer argued that the older generation should be taken into consideration when discussing industrial designer did not even dream of texting or something like the age gap , so it would surely be better if the younger generation was trying to do the intuitive work out what 's intuitive programme his remote control was basic with that too much .
industrial designer agreed that plastic did not make the remote look fashionable and stylish as a mobile phone . however , project manager suggested that the remote control should be fashionable and moulded so that it could still be a plastic . user interface supplemented that it might mean there 's remote controls and everything are kind of moulded moulded and the remote controls .
the group discussed the price issues and target groups of remote control , such as the selling price of twenty euros ( 12 .5 euros ) . customers would be willing to buy a remote control in order to meet the company 's profit goal of 50 million euros .
project manager mentioned that the market range would be a accessible and usable by all age groups , making that a key point . then the international market range suggested that it could be a good selling point , but the project manager did think it was a case of worrying different languages and things like that .
project manager initiated the second meeting on conceptual design . first of all , project manager introduced the idea of group features , such as voice recognition and gesture recognition technology . user interface introduced the concept of remote control , offering three concepts in the user interface and a fancy -looking controller with speech recognition and lcd screen . next , marketing designed an evaluation test according to market research results presented on market trend watching and video as well as using software . the group agreed that the remote control should be , user and hard to use . also , the controller should be easy to use with sophisticated functions so users could also adapt to the needs of users . when it came to the cost control , the group agreed to have a controller controller with similar functions .
basically , the meeting was about the pros and cons of local authorities . according to kirsty williams am , they had got enough spaces in some cases , some groups and so on , given what extent they were trying to ensure that everything possible had been done to meet the needs of the learner in their home provision . however , according to mr . blaney , they did not want to make it wide in the offer . then they had somebody doing that , but they were still undergoing a review of the alternate provisions each school was doing because it was too wide in its offer .
the group mainly talked about the interface design with three concepts in the user interface . first , marketing introduced the concept of user interface concept . it was a combination of easy to use and sophisticated functions . secondly , marketing designed an evaluation test like speech recognition technology and the controller gave the flexibility to the user and thought that the remote control should be very attractive . as such , the controller must be more user and users prefer to use the voice recognition technology . as for speech recognition , the team ought to have some communications inside the microphone .
the user interface designer suggested that there was no necessary drawback to design new controller without any new breakthrough features . and marketing did see how adding speech recognition or gesture recognition would make the remote look more like google . and they should do the same .
the group agreed that the remote control should be convenient to use voice recognition and gesture recognition to supplement the user 's function . as for speech recognition , it would also be necessary to trust speech recognition and recognize the voice and gestures of remote control . besides , the industrial designer thought it was a risk to have a remote control which could be purchased by the controller . then the controller proposed to keep it simple and put it on and gestures and just to recognize voice and voice recognition .
the group decided to add an added value to the remote control so that it would be easy to find . for instance , users know no more of these functions , this kind of remote control would be a special high class . also , they agreed to have a battery , solar energy battery and solar energy .
industrial designer proposed to add an added value to the remote control as it would also be added . project manager agreed and supposed it would be a good idea to have both electric battery and solar energy in one place in senegal . and project manager added that it would increase the price price of production , and added the value that would be compensated .
the group decided to discuss what kind of material would be the different button . they wanted to know when the material was not in wood , but they wanted to do something with wood . when talking about industrial design , the group agreed to use wooden with a special high class , wooden remote control .
user interface suggested that the remote control market should have a better overview of what 's fashion in general . user interface also suggested that it could be correlated to energy , solar energy so for the aspect of the marketing aspect , saying that it 's natural . however , the user really wanted a fancy look and feel .
marketing recommended taking the ranking of all the points from milan and paris respectively . the remote control should be technologically innovative and it was three . user interface supplemented that it could be correlated to energy , solar energy so for the marketing aspect , saying that it 's natural .
the group decided to design a remote control with wood or rubber . it would be a combination of rubber and plastic -like material so that it could be correlated with energy , solar energy , so for the aspect , the marketing aspect could be a good idea .
this was the meeting on the functional design of the remote control . firstly , user interface presented on the technical functions based on user requirements . they mentioned user needs , technical effects , and working design of their remote control rather than on the user function . then , the group discussed some specific buttons which should be included only for tv , no extra internet , fancy tvs , and voice recognition . the group decided to have a button on the tv , so the power button could be used . power would be a combination of power and a kinetic function . also , they discussed functions like speech recognition and speech recognition .
according to dr frank atherton , local authorities should take in the quality assurance of individual tuition . individual tuition in terms of each individual student would assume that means . the purpose of the question was around home tuition , as a local authority , they were restricted on how much access they got into the home . however , it was really difficult to quality , because unless the families invite us in there was very little space .
marketing suggested that a hundred people were tested in a laboratory just through their remotes . users did like the way they felt , they did think they match their operating behaviour . the group decided to put the buttons in the shared documents so that people would be willing to pay more for this kind of product if they looked at the market .
project manager thought that the target group should be teenagers and young professionals . user interface suggested that they should design a separate base for that particular speech recognition . project manager agreed and proposed a two package for the remote , which would have to be sold separately because if the sender on the remote was on the phone , then users could find the remote first to click the button to find the button .
marketing mentioned that speech recognition was really hard to programme and the target age group would be 25 as they age group . marketing supplemented that this function was a silly , silly , if it was on making the sound and people on the tv were talking .
industrial designer proposed to design channels with a whole set of buttons for everybody . user interface suggested that the two remotes should be one of them both general and the other was different . marketing thought that they could design channels . industrial designer thought they could just reduce the number of buttons , but project manager thought it should be that hard to take .
the meeting began with wolfgang to discuss his new work . the team then discussed how language works could be incorporated and how the construction of airplanes could be dealing with the problems of the construction . their current and future focus on the construction is on and the complete sequencing of the double building . the complete prototype of the ontology of the building has been criticized as partial , though . in any case , further to fulfilling the absolute requirements of the project , the team will look at other ways to fulfill them .
the professor expressed a desire to know what the thesis was going on , but he doubted it would be worth the money . he also suggested that there would be an extra copy around airplanes and trains , so he did know how much of a chance they had to do some additional revision and some additional stuff on various planes and trains .
the group discussed how language works could be adapted to a more direct way , like the construction of airplanes , the schemas , and the rest of the airplanes for the airplanes . would like to talk about the construction aspect of the construction , and maybe the rest is for airplanes .
the team discussed how language works could be summed up in interviews with users , and then talked about the construction aspect of the construction . the remote control would be used to run different languages in different languages , such as language learning , communication , and the human computer telephone conversation .
project manager began functional design meeting with reviewed last meeting and looked at some specific components .the second presentation was about the conceptual remote control technology innovation . marketing mentioned the importance of spongy design , like the fruit and vegetable elements , and made a product of the remote control according to the research by the project manager . then , industrial designer presented the first presentation on the subject , stating the personal preference for fancy look and feel of the case and changeable fonts . due to the significance of the presentations , the team decided that they should target the young and old people with speech recognition and speech recognition . after that , project manager steered the meeting to further questions , including technical functions , material , color design , buttons functionality , and slogan .
based on the trends of the marketing , the second presentation of the new remote control was second . it was considered the most important aspect for remote control to be a fancy look , user functionality and rechargeable material . also , marketing suggested that spongy feel of material was expected to be the next step .
dr frank atherton thought that the intuition in a private setting was widespread around wales . however , there had been a general pattern , and if you 're making a provision you would assure the quality , it clearly . what about if they are following a restricted timetable or whatever needed at that moment , they work for them in the local authority .
marketing agreed that the spongy remote control was the most important for remote control and hoped that the remote control could make five different fronts to start with or something an extraordinary shape . based on the analysis of marketing , he added that the shape of fancy functionality was the technological innovation .
user interface recommended to use some kind of gadget to perform better on the remote control as it was only twelve and a half euros . however , due to the budget limit , the group had to spend more money on every remote control so the research team had done research about it and even more possibilities .
the group decided to name the remote control as the normal circuit circuit board , like a chip on print wheels , in a combination of rubber and rechargeable batteries . the team also agreed to use the second most expensive chip , which could be used if they held it . then , the team talked about the target price of 12 .5 euros , and exchanged comments on the battery , cell phones , and a menu of fruits .
industrial designer thought they should go more to the ipod and lcd three players . project manager agreed and suggested making the remote control bigger , a bit bigger and a bit smaller , a remote control could see it much more than modern but still basic .
the group had developed a new programmable speech recognition feature , the integrated u sample sensor unit , because they wanted a advanced chip to give a standard answer after it recognising a question . it did not specify what the cost was now very clear , but they did have any information about the cost .
the meeting was taking place close to the agenda of the house of commons special committee on the pandemic . prime minister and opposition party initially supported the bill that included some humanitarian assistance to canadians , but many members argued that the government continuing to target law firearms owners instead of the gangs , drug traffickers and illegal weapons smuggling . the minister encouraged the government to address the problems facing indigenous citizens and women during the pandemic . the members talked about getting the help from the canadians when they needed it .
the minister explained that the government had been told to ignore obvious signs of fraud when it came to applying for the federal government to enforce the rule of law . so the opposition party also stated that the priority was to help workers across the country who could lose their jobs or who have lost their jobs . these included financial institutions and the big banks to help consumers during this extreme situation .
mr . gabriel ste suggested that the prime minister continued to support the profiteers . he also announced that the large employer emergency funding facility was good and it was better that he announced that , sometimes a bank , would move its most profitable activities carried out in canada and register them in a subsidiary in the bahamas or another bahamas . furthermore , credit card company , such as visa and , which charge high user fees , were almost appallingly higher than in europe and australia by capping these fees .
hon . freeland suggested that she must them because they were not concerned with the types of farm rifles that were being used by our farmers and , in some cases , to ban all military assault weapons , except for law enforcement and military purposes . she was happy to work with the honourable member to see what happened in this individual case .
the minister explained that the single parent with four children lost her and child support due to spousal support . however , the opposition party argued that single parents and their children who depend on spousal support and child maintenance were not getting the support they needed during the pandemic . it was suggested that the member opposite that as an empty promise , they had demonstrated actions on it .
the meeting about the new curriculum was considered and prepared to deal with challenges . first , it took years to build up on the expertise , and therefore , it was a difficult answer . then , the group discussed care of looked children and how to adapt to life in different languages . they discussed the condition and impact of another teaching pupil referral unit . the group also talked about and the mental health issues regarding mental health services . when it came to the school reform , sian gwenllian am proposed that there should be a statutory provision regarding a whole approach . kirsty williams am agreed that there was a problem between meant working with the school and provision of provision in the north and south wales . furthermore , answered questions about the school new curriculum , in response to the teachers ' new curriculum and the mindset .
the minister explained that the single parent with four children lost her and child support due to spousal support . however , the minister of employment said that they were looking into this gap . it had been weeks , and still no action . the problem was highlighted in the midst of the pandemic .
ms . responded with an honourable advocacy that across the country have been communicating with us and letting us know their needs , and they have been responding . for instance , they had to spend extra on medication and grocery delivery , as many seniors got the support they needed during this very difficult time . additionally , the opposition party was skeptical towards the $ 20 million to expand the new horizons for seniors to kick initiatives and services that would help example , to get grocery deliveries right before the pandemic .
the minister pointed out that the government was starting to focus on the relaxation of agricultural supplies in many provinces and territories provided so that they could put food on the table and pay their rent . however , the opposition party raised the question about the revenue measures that were announced yesterday . the prime minister faced some difficulty when it came to the crisis and the new agreement , or . in addition , he suggested that the $ 14 being provided by the forestry industry would produce 2 tonnes of greenhouse gases annually .
the leader of the opposition party raised concern that the ongoing economic situation could lead to the disappearance of canada 's tourism industry . in addition , the government suggested that dairy processors could be hit hard by the crisis and the new agreement , or .
when the government would help small businesses whose landlords refused to be team players during this pandemic , up to 75 % of the rent was asked to support the rent . the opposition party raised concern that the landlords refuse to participate in the rent assistance program . these businesses had seen revenue drops between 50 % and 100 % and were asking for a 25 % off their rent .
the minister explained what the government 's plan was to support seafood industry . in addition , tens of thousands of tourists used the ferry between bar harbor , maine and nova scotia . the government also announced measures to support the small and medium businesses in the oil and gas sector .
the minister explained that they were working to support businesses in the tourism sector all over the country , and particularly in the atlantic . the government was aggressively buying life equipment and supplies that canada needs , from a diverse range of suppliers around the world and here . the minister of health and emergency services said that more than 8 % of surgical orders had been filled . so far , the government had started to put measures in place to address the issues with the $ 2 .6 million for processors , as well as to make sure that the was available for workers as people who had run out of their fishery .
the opposition party raised questions about the past number of years , which was seen tremendous pressure on the federal government from anti and gas lobby groups demanding that the severe strain . the oil and gas industry under pressure to retract to recession levels , and why the liberals would act on their promise .
the meeting between the children , young people and education committee and the welsh government was considered as an evidence session on the children ( abolition of defence of reasonable punishment ) bill . kwame , who is senior policy , brigadier prosecutor for wales , and crown prosecutor , took charge of answering the relevant questions . to start with , sian gwenllian am proposed legislation would provide a much clearer legal framework and bring it to the cps for a decision charging . in this case , the team would then decide the most appropriate means of dealing with it and the other the tightening of the gun .
to start looking in general at how the law currently stands , it stood specifically and in reasonable terms of the law . to start with , kirsty williams am emphasized that the act should reflect the fact that there was no evidence that it was not working . in response to this , julie morgan thought this was a matter for them to decide whether to refer a matter to the cps for a decision .
when nick mentioned that there were limited networks now , there were no specific ways of improving the training professional staff for special education . what 's more , kirsty williams am thought it was definitely necessary for a supply teacher to come in and manage that class because of the demands .
barry hughes thought the legal framework was going back to the offences against the act in the middle of the century before the act 2004 , which did make it a defence for a person accused of assaulting a child to argue that it was a case where they were acting only so it would be as to impose reasonable punishment upon the children . in this case , it could be argued that children had fewer rights than adults .
the first stage is whether a file of material evidence submitted by the police they apply the code for crown prosecutors , which had a two test . this was whether there was a realistic prospect of conviction . in this case , they only got to the second stage if the evidential stage was . when discussing the efficacy of the law , the team did agree with the police department .
the first question was about the divergence between the law in england and wales . to answer this question , dawn bowden talked about the situations faced by officials on both sides of the border , and the dilemma they face during the next meeting . then there was a further series of awareness about the members of the public . the second example she gave was that we already have within the uk a certain degree of divergence of law . then it came to the practical application of this name , and it would be primarily around the public interest issue .
sian gwenllian am asked about the implications of implementing the bill in wales when talking about the divergence between the law in england and wales . kirsty williams am agreed that there should be more cases that would pass the stage in wales than there would be no such defence for the same occasion . besides , the reasons were still unknown .
barry hughes thought that the team would simply want to take the present interest factors , which are set out in my view , clearly in the code to look before we commit to a particular course of action in supporting or not supporting the bill , which was all .
kirsty believed that there was ongoing work exploring rather than prosecution in this bill . to ask about awareness raising , kirsty williams am suggested that bill including a duty on the government of duty , should be placed in wales to take advantage of that of the media willingness to explore something , which was potentially divisive . and she regarded ignorance as no defense , raising awareness was important and she saw a great story about what 's best way to approach that particular case . there was no indication of any plans for awareness raising in england and wales , and to have fewer types of disposal with more clarity about what each one of them involved .
the national police council helped in out disposals disposals and suggested that there was a range , life and life would be simpler to have fewer types of disposal with more clarity about what each one of them involved . the lead was sara glen , who was responsible for developing the police approach , and the lead was deputy chief constable . there was a more discussion about what 's best way to approach that particular case . in this case , there would also be cases and see these first conversation with them .
sian gwenllian am pointed out that the system of creating a body out disposals that are specific to this bill - how that would within welsh government , local authorities , the police and crime commissioner who used some of their commissioning powers to work up something . and who would build that infrastructure , in your opinion ?
according to kirsty , there was a shortage of registered child witnesses who assist in police interview and when giving explanatory evidence in court . therefore , they did have a suite of national measures . this was because they needed to reach some target in terms of performance measures . the bill , in letter to the education minister for regarding implementation of the legislation , was requested to note 2 . it was requested a letter from myself to the deputy minister for health and social services for adding further chastisement to the position that it was expressed in 2007 , which was that they consider that the position of being adopted with section 58 was compliant with the legislation .
barry hughes thought it was a reasonable prospect , a conviction of conviction and it was in the public interest , but they had no target in terms of performance measures . he thought that the target for unsolved crimes or unsolved offences would be a realistic prospect .
sally jenkins said that there were no problem relating to transport for learners in rural areas . there was a provision in the north of powys and one south of the county . luckily , it was not an issue . the got an comment on the transport issue .
karen felt no significant concerns towards the shortage of intermediaries in wales , and explained that there was a shortage of registered intermediaries during police interview and when giving evidence in court . the government had taken action to deal with that , and the sec had had had a number of people who were now in a position to act as intermediaries .
the meeting was about efforts to collect the data for the meeting . the team members shared and discussed the preparation of the process . they discussed how meetings would be held and what kind of information the team could collect . the meeting ended with a general discussion about the progress of the group and future directions .
the acoustic background did not contain silence , but the quantity was marked with enough speech over and over all , which was similar to outputs . it was not the total silence in all of the zones . they had overlapping overlapping between two and hundred more , overlapping and similar to .
the team wanted to incorporate the eva into the bayes net . it was suggested that it was rustling from a pitch . the reason for this was that would be a better word . though , the team was unsure about it . the team thought that noise was going to be a bad feature , it might be ok . the professor wanted to prepare a test bed and a slider for the task .
there is a slight worry about how the data collection is collected and what exactly it is , like when it is measured in the code . there are already 30 participants sharing the recordings at the end of the meeting and the participants have to get that message error .
the team thought that it would be hard to process the data in all the senses to summarize and in both the utterance and utterance . the meeting would do any kind of higher level work on it like . the group discussed a separate issue from what the student would be working on where i was thinking of doing some kind of meetings or trying to find in each interface and in the patterns , like numbers of speech cues from the raw interaction that can be measured from the microphones and from the microphones that point to sort of ` hot spots in the meeting .
the meeting began with an update on the the the model and phd g data task . the team was focusing on four kind of outputs for the italian wattana . they discussed the results of both the tests and the phd of spanish data . the second test was by using the pcb data task and the team trained both on italian and spanish baselines . the professor suggested doing the same tasks as tests but the team was uncertain about how to respond to the results .
phd c informed the team that they had not done all the tests on different languages on another language . the professor wanted to use the same method as the model , which is not very close to the left . the team also learned more about the different languages they were using .
phd d explained that the multilingual model did not use the delta but it was slightly worse when it was removed . phd d thought that the methods should be for english to be carried out concerning other languages . multi , spanish and multi multi could be the most populous region in the world .
the professor thought that it was not too much but a good result . he thought that the methods should be trained on a single language and tested on another one . he also suggested that testing on another language could help the model to improve results , but the team was unsure about it .
project manager announced that the remote control would be designed or the size of a remote control . the team members got acquainted with each other and project manager started to introduce themselves . project manager said that the profit aim was twenty five euro and profit aim is 50 million euros . in terms of the sales target , the profit is fifty million euro .
the team discussed how the team could pursue new directions and how they could run their own training set . the professor thought that studying the team would be a good place to start . the team thought they were doing something well , but the team was still concerned with how much the technique they could be . they also delved into a more detailed discussion of the current model . the current performance on the model was unsatisfactory , while the team thought it was necessary .
the ibm team discussed how ibm could refine the number of its processors by 25 .5 megahertz processors and a nice amount of memory to more than 100 processors . they ended up being five processors which had already been produced by ibm , and the production of machines is expected to be a big computational .
the team thought that delays caused problems between and , which were within the boundaries . the professor suggested that a parallel path so that it did not introduce pause , but also would work in that way . thus , the team thought it was a quite tentative block to build it .
the meeting was considered as a meeting place for channel five , and it was time to start with the beginning of the meeting . it was also coming to a conclusion that the project was still not under way and the team were getting ready to rely on normalizing . now the general meeting was concerned with how long they went and how good the snack was out . they discussed how they could carry out modifications to retrieve lost posteriors . after that , some discussions went on among team members concerning their presentations .
industrial designer decided that the darpa was to ask for permission to make a more detailed analysis of the course of the meeting . that would allow for different scenarios , as many people as 90 % of the consumers expected to switch to more than half of the channels .
a mock was discussed in reference to the samplings of a pre fashion at the same time . it was agreed that it would be a option for extracting cross appliances from the reset hands , as well as helping the model to make the prototype fit into a stable shape .
the status of transcription would be explained in the next meeting . it was channelized and pre all the way through the outset of the meeting . then , the team discussed the delay between the participants ' usage and the disadvantage of the time bins . they also discussed the disadvantages of detecting speaker overlap and how they could run the data .
liz and don were each concerned about the recognition of the , the hand as the basis of the recognition . basically , it was agreed that the change had occurred to the 's as far as meeting recognition is concerned , the system should be doing the automatic recognition on .
the application of the was also discussed as a concern because liz and don was concerned about the hand as the basis of the recognition . however , it was decided that they should consider doing a for the automatic recognition on while don was in charge of the project .
segmentation should be considered to do some extra things , like retraining or adapting the background models for the to this environment , according to the project manager . therefore , they should consider doing some more in as well as adjusting the background model for noise to the environment for instance .
project manager announced that the remote control would be priced at 25 euros and a 25 profit aim of 50 million euros . the profit aim was twenty five euro euros and profit aim is 50 million euro . customers would be willing to pay more for remote controls , such as a simple practical , practical , remote control , and strong animals .
the whole meeting was focused on the functional design of the remote control . after project manager briefly reaffirmed the agreements reached in previous meetings , marketing , user interface , and industrial designer each gave a presentation about trend , interface design , technical function respectively . then , project manager started a group discussion about the demand for teletext and video , for which thick key design was accepted as a feasible solution . as a result , the group discussed the target market and decided to use a plasticine -like device during the next meeting .
industrial designer wanted to make a remote control for customers to purchase a new product . the former was the chief executive of the remote control . he also proposed some implementations for some functions for the technical function . he was also concerned about how to implement the product in the product .
user interface suggested that the remote should work on different types of eventualities and should be sold to a broad public design so that it should fit to every device . project manager agreed and supposed that the product should be a universal remote control for customers to buy just in a new store .
industrial designer said that the former head of the industrial designer would like to present himself in the next meeting . he would also remind people of some new technical possibilities if someone of competitors came up with ideas . he was also concerned about the simplicity and technical possibilities .
industrial designer proposed to equip infrared and bluetooth together in one remote control . project manager agreed and supposed that the remote control should not be rechargeable easily from the cell phone , but industrial designer pointed out that only light the buttons were applicable at that moment or during the conversation .
industrial designer suggested that the time was to have a little discussion about what the product should be and how it should look , and should should be used to equip infrared and bluetooth together in one remote . and it could come in handy as they should think about how things should communicate with each other .
the bluetooth function was adversely affected by this problem , so users could use bluetooth for all the time . the bluetooth problem was probably related to the remote control . however , the bluetooth might not be problem . the team decided to make it very annoying because it was very annoying for users to consume every other week .
the whole meeting was focused on the prototype of the remote control . after project manager briefly reaffirmed the agreements reached in previous discussion , marketing , user interface , and industrial designer each gave a presentation about trend , interface design , and components design respectively . then , project manager started a group discussion about the demand for teletext and video , for which thick key design was accepted as a feasible solution . besides , the marketing recommended using a low circuit board , the group decided to use an elaborate fancy lighting and lighting techniques to feed the customer according to the user 's comments .
project manager began functional design meeting with reviewed last meeting and looked at the user interface design . the group decided to use an extra ten buttons for the remote control , which was the second most used function function . then , the group discussed the design of remote control by arguing that it should be a combination and a good idea to attract older people because it 's easy to use . also , the discussion mainly focused on the user 's background function and the layout . finally , the marketing expert mentioned the functions carefully as well as users ' willingness to use remote controls . the user interface was considered to be user . but the team decided to keep it simple and put forward the option of using a round button and power cut .
industrial designer thought the ten digits were too costly for the remote control to be able to be combined with the shape or size of a remote control . in addition , the group agreed to keep the function simple and put up the design design design of remote control as it was easy to implement . besides , the elder people do like voice recognition and should implement such a but keep the programme and the volume , so the group decided to have thirteen different dutch channels .
the team thought that recording conventions should be a reliable way to get the data in which they are through the radio and buying something that can just buy off the shelf . they also bought a couple of the wired that were not working , so they were close to getting their setup .
user interface suggested that they should design a remote control in the arm so that people stick just on the high of their remote controls . project manager agreed and supposed that the remote control could vibrate and light up the noise and make it easier to find .
user interface suggested that the remote control should be combination with friendliness and the ease with remote control with the less advantages but a great feeling in the buttons . for the user interface design , user interface recommended to choose for the ease of use of remote control .
the marketing suggested that the remote control should be made of fruity elements , a rechargeable cell , a diode , and a radio transmitter . the project was mainly about technical issues . however , since the user interface emphasized that the power button was only used one time , the volume and the simplest buttons were the most important buttons . besides , the leds were only used in the production , so the production cost was much higher than normal ones . also , such as kinetic power , leds and rechargeable batteries were better choices for the remote , which could be a good idea . in the end , the group found that they could make some changes in the design requirements . the group agreed that they should implement this kind of equipment .
the team came up with to prevent customers from losing their remote controls . as for the technical function , the team proposed to adopt a product that was really like clapping in their hands . and it would be more costly if they had a small base station next to the tv .
industrial designer thought that if they could include a cradle in which it could recharge , there would not be a big problem . project manager agreed and pointed out that there would be an adapter for the project , as well as an adapter , the cost of the project was very cheap .
the meeting was mainly about the status of fancy look and feel of the prototype . firstly , the team discussed the design of the remote control based on the user requirements and trends found in the marketing strategy of their company . they then decided to use a kinetic charger , which could be used in the bottom half by facilitating voice recognition . the team agreed that the kinetic batteries would be made in a double standard chip and a combination of rubber and plastic . the group decided that they could be attached to the open flipping and shut as well as try to incorporate the voices into the product .
the evaluation was mainly about the user requirements and trends found in the marketing strategy of the company . so far , the group had concluded that the remote control was fancy look and feel , innovative should be easy to use . the group agreed that the evaluation criteria would apply to its current fashion trends and the layout of the fruit and vegetable design . they decided to add an average rating of two to seven . regarding the rating , they could adjust the volume on the small device and only keep it simple .
marketing suggested that the spongy fashion trend incorporated the current fashion trends , including the texture to the exterior and the spongy fruit design and the design of the remote control , which is mainly in relation to the market research findings regarding the probability and spongy fruit and vegetable design .
according to ergonomics , the team had not come up with anything that they could reduce the clutter , but the team found that it was meant to be symmetrical with the size and they got it quite small . for instance , there was not moving around trying to accurately hit the buttons in between them .
the group decided to produce rubber and rubber cases in the case , which was not in use since it was being used as a combination of rubber and plastic . in terms of the cost , the group thought they should put the case in a special shape to make the case . as for finance , the team calculated the cost of each component of the remote , finding it under the budget . therefore , they decided to use a single chip in print for the first time since they were very willing to pay more for the product .
user interface suggested that they could change the kinetic battery because the cost of going for about double the cost and budget . if they were to rely on the standard batteries , it would make a huge difference . if the case was moved away from the much loved battery battery was firstly .
user interface thought it needed to be larger so that the remote control could run around and come up with a pretty object attached to the wall . it was only a plastic thing . however , the user interface designer thought it necessary to be more user and it should not be hard to put some kind of noise on it .
according to the project manager , if they were working to head office as 's working for the project , they could put in their specifications in the recommendations for what they 've found and what they had done all the work background work to go for that if they wanted it . therefore , in order to make the voice recognition wonderful , it was so distinctive that in itself was gon to make it easier to locate as a color because it also sets it apart from the crowd .
the meeting was mainly about the overall discussion of the project . there was a structure attached to the belief that the team should do with the purposes of selling and fixing . the focus should be placed on the properties of the tourist setting , and the design of the building should be simple as possible .
the meeting began with an update on the last meeting . improving the belief can also be incorporated in the design of the charles bridge , especially with a functioning belief net , at the other end of the project . next , the user interface designer gave a personal opinion on the subject that the team intended to build the influence of the bayes . in the end , the team agreed to set up a new database for the next meeting .
the update was not a belief , but the update of that was essentially gon to be external to the belief . additionally , it was required to be carried out by user interface to complete the functions of the remote control by manually representing the items for the user base to be non local .
industrial designer and project manager agreed that the recording equipment was adjusted for this remote control , allowing the remote control to be combined with a combined system and a adjusted one mode . therefore , in terms of the location of recording equipment , the team agreed that it would be a more important thing for them to worry about .
the group had a discussion about the status quo of the properties of the tourist domain , including the foundations , shell properties , etc . the focus should be on selling and servicing so that it would function as a landmark . in addition , user interface thought it would be important to have the belief itself and properties filled by functional design .
grad b was working on disk storage so that it could be used separately in multiple places . the user interface believed that it would be cleaner to compute it but this idea could be firstly . in terms of the information , the user could make a user state , and the user was completely apart from the fact whether he is tired .
darren millar am suggested that they could save one as and open up the old one , and then everything would be clean . and it would be instructive to think about other decisions that they need to make in the land path . and project manager thought it was worth saving this one .
project manager began a detailed design meeting with reviewed last meeting and looked at new functional design . the first issue was the functional design of the remote control , which was divided into two parts - the components and the properties of the user specifications . after that , project manager steered the meeting to further questions , such as technical functions , parental control , and special menu modifications . the group agreed to sell a universal remote control for twenty euros . the it agreed to be one of the more exclusive markets in the world . the only it had been agreed by the team for the next meeting . the overall improvement was just one it made in three years . the product was only offered three extra goals , while project manager reiterated his financial support .
the group agreed that the remote control should be priced at 25 euros , produced at a maximum cost of 12 .5 euros to meet the company 's profit goal of 50 million euros . therefore , the group had to make a profit of fifty million euros , so they had to use a big market in europe and to design a universal remote control for every one .
project manager thought that the budget was twelve fifty point for it because it had to have enough functions like a mobile phone . user interface suggested that if users had a hundred channels , they could then use the telly as a screen . project manager agreed .
project manager agreed that the remote control could be sold by 25 euros , so they could buy a universal remote control for twenty five euros . however , they had doubts about the price of the selling price of their remote control because they had to make a profit of fifty million euros .
when discussing the possible advanced on the remote control , marketing did disagree with the industrial design because he thought it 's too expensive . however , he was not too expensive and he believed that the touch screen was reachable but it was not a touch screen .
industrial designer suggested to put the remote control in a or a just to put it on the television and just had normal batteries that you could change the batteries , and just put it in the station . and project manager later admitted that it was expensive because lots of people were lost their remote control and did know where it was .
industrial designer proposed to make a remote control with a good icon on the remote control . user interface also proposed to keep it like a square , a normal remote control problem . project manager agreed and supposed that the buttons should be clear and clear to the casing would be made special .
user interface suggested to have a different form than a normal remote control if it wanted to make it special . however , the user interface did know he did not know he had the effect on the remote control , which was very hard to solve .
the team agreed that the remote control should be powerful and easy to use . firstly , the user interface designer proposed to present the technical function design for the user . however , due to the budget limit , the group had to cut buttons and the cost would be much higher . then , the team talked about the target remote control , which could be used to control the device . when it came to the market positioning , the user interface focused on user requirements based on the basic functions of remote control . after that , project manager ma proposed the trend of such a remote control and some other functions , like the rechargeable . at the end of the meeting , all team members expressed themselves about the remote controls .
user interface proposed to design a user interface with so many functions and easier to use . the first idea was to present the technical function design for the user interface . marketing also proposed that the remote control should be powerful , easy to use and that the appearance of the real reaction should be recognisable in the product .
user interface suggested to design a user interface with so many sophisticated functions . the user interface designer also suggested that the remote control should be powerful , so it should be able to take less time for user learn how to use it . for instance , user interface had to learn the manual before using this remote control . so user interface proposed to have the controls which would be powerful .
marketing first of all suggested focusing on the internet connection . user interface disagreed with this because he thought it was part of the remote control anyway . project manager agreed and added that the box in the tv sets would be user so that users could access internet with their tv .
industrial designer wanted to emphasise that the remote control was cheaper and cheaper than a conventional remote control . user interface suggested that infrared control could be used in several classes . industrial designer thought it would be easy to use because it was too many buttons and so users could control the recorder . project manager agreed and supposed that remote control could mix several functions in one button . then industrial designer suggested making a menu switch , so users put the switch button to it . then , industrial designer put the menu switch to it because the battery was easier to manage and you know if the device could also control your recorder .
project manager suggested having a clip on the remote control , however , the team was not satisfied with it . however , project manager thought it was a good feel , tactile feel , kind , feel good , feel , be tact , and feel good .
the industrial designer thought it would be cheaper because there would be a link between the remote control and the television . based on this , he thought the problem was more the same . he also thought that the wireless remote control could be a better choice .
user interface suggested that the remote control could mix several in one function button . users could also control the recorder and also control their recorder . the remote control would be intuitive . user interface disagreed by pointing out that it would be easy to use with fewer buttons .
according to marketing 's research , eighty percent of users would spend more money if the remote controls were not so ugly . therefore , as a result of the curvy trend , the price was much higher than expected . besides , the marketing believed that the remote control should be yellow . user interface supplemented that people liked a yellow color . it was not fancy for people so people liked to be able to zap between functions of their remote control . also , they did really want the price to be too high because they could zap between channels on .
user interface and industrial designer agreed that the remote control should be simple and colourful with many colours , so users can select which they prefer . it would be better if they needed to have special colours for remote controls it would cost more . and project manager thought it would increase the price of the production of the remote controls .
according to the project manager , it would be a fashion and really be the image of the society . so the user interface designer suggested that some people prefer a red remote control because they only made many functions in one button . and it would increase the price of the remote control .
the project manager gave a brief review of the last meeting . after that , industrial designer 's presentation about the remote control was compiled by marketing . user interface then presented the prototype of remote control based on the previous discussion of its function . the team agreed that the kinetic feel , which was interchangeable , was necessary for the more advanced -like button . marketing thought it could be a good idea for the remote and that the user can use it when they are in charge of the product . then marketing talked about the marketing strategy and explained that the team should consider several ways to make it in a certain way .
marketing presented the detailed design of the remote control . user interface and industrial designer gave a presentation on the prototype of remote control based on the previous discussion of its function . marketing supplemented that the user requirements were irrelevant and integrated them to the trends found in marketing and reports in the company that made them see . according to the team , they had to think again when deciding whether to meet the standards .
the remote control would be made of rubber and could be powered by a strawberry . the team thought it would be a good idea to use the shape of the remote in order to make it really annoying . but the team did not agree with changing the shape and made it fancier .
the project was finally coming to a conclusion and the team was supposed to discuss the process of the project . the team then discussed how the leadership and teamwork helped them know the components of the remote and how to control it . as for the user interface , project manager thought the product should be spongy , spongy and spongy . marketing thought it was important to keep up with a product that fun and meet all the criteria .
the group decided to choose the shape of the remote because they were having fun with the play . instead , the remote control would be size one and could be a joystick . the team thought it would be a good score . but they did agree with changing the shape .
the project manager thought that the profit aim was twenty five euro euros and profit aim is fifty million euro . the team thought that they were not actually in scotland , and they would have to sell this internationally . the group thought they would sell the project internationally .
project manager thought the leadership was personally , but he thought it was more than anything they really did really have the set roles so much , especially since they would just like it . then industrial designer thought they worked well together and everyone got to contribute .
marketing thought it would be helpful to keep up with the problem that users did not know when they were discussing the material of the remote . marketing thought the presentation would allow the group to make a point of the presentation work as well , but the industrial designer thought the material would depend on the role of the function .
basically , the children , young people and education committee 's meeting was about the draft curriculum work done by the welsh government . to start with , kirsty williams am introduced the formal boundaries of the curriculum , its consideration and timetable for the bill itself and seek the royal assent . moreover , the meeting discussed the condition and impact on pupils who were in danger of being left behind when they failed to understand why their children were being held accountable for the curriculum . also , they spent lots of time discussing physical and mental health issues at the same time . although the theme of the subject was not raised , it was believed that there would be a new dialogue and systemic dialogue between different groups of students and the schools ' ability to adapt the profession to take a framework and let them to engage in the content of that particular .
suzy davies asked about the specific aspects of the framework of the curriculum that would be included in the primary legislation . suzy rowlands wanted to ensure that there was some national expectation and that the variation on these important things was not so great as to cause concern , and they would order a statutory framework where their progression of expectations at a national level would be laid out . suzy davies made an announcement that she was going to put on his original reports . the original proposal had been working on was in the legislation , to provide for the four purposes , so the purposes would be set out within the breadth for everybody .
according to kirsty williams , children have given some interesting feedback about what they really matters in the area of learning and experience for well is already there , and beneath the computational title concepts there are the broad concepts of learning , because the what matters ' broad in health and well . it refers to both physical and mental health because the states were broad concepts in the environment and therefore , they would mean that every school would have to teach mental health by law .
according to kirsty williams , if they had sat here 20 years ago , they probably would be literally in the bill , because they might want to change the language to make sure that those were consistent , and then then the left that still left underneath huge flexibility as to how to approach those topics . moreover , they would have to deliver the ` exact statement in secondary legislation . the actual need and the compulsion , the expectation that comp would be on the face of the bill .
the main focus of the wales institute of social and economic research , data and methods and the presentation so far was not less helpful . dr nigel newton said that the curriculum could exacerbate segregation within different groups of mixed picture from it and it would not be intended to necessarily enhance equity in the welsh education system . to conclude , kirsty williams am suggested that if teachers wanted a child to thrive , they had to see themselves and their community reflected in what they were learning about learning to what they may want to do or how their lives , teaching at the moment .
looked at other statements that were in the presentation by at the seminar . according to kirsty williams , the research also suggested that the senior management teams would certainly buy into what they just made , but the classroom practitioners who had the skills that they need to make the most of the curriculum that the curriculum allow them .
basically , there was a process , a model for this , which is what kind of lessons learned from the introduction of the curriculum . however , kirsty williams am suggested that they should continue to look at what they were doing but also checks and balances against some of their experiences with this area of reform . moreover , they spent no time thinking about the curriculum reform and how other systems had undertaken curriculum reform in their nation and to learn from any problems that had arisen . also they were very forthright in sharing their learning and one of the critical elements was the extent assessment .
first of all , it was the largest investment in professional learning since the history of devolution . there was a national approach in terms of leadership . the regional consortia are working together to provide consistency for teachers and teaching assistants , and the next stages would be much more focused on individual and area professional learning .
the whole meeting was about what the group should do for the remote control , from a good -looking appearance to a joyful user experience . at the beginning , the group had individual presentations about their product , which was divided into two parts - the yellow rubber case and one with two parts in this remote control . based on the analysis of the user needs , they did have a double case . they discussed the cost of the remote which only cost the most expensive and easy to use . then they discussed how to reduce the number of the buttons , which made the budget under control . lastly , the team gave positive feedback on the project and the process .
project manager was expected to be an ongoing programme of preparation and personal development , as well as anything else . however , there was likely to be any more money allocated beyond the two years that you could see what you 've or that was going to be allocated a question and negotiation with the minister for finance and the first minister put in as being , what they needed to develop or prepare for the implementation . the rest would be what would be normal professional development .
this was a discussion held within welsh government consortia and with the institutions about which schools were best placed to be able to do that role and continue to work with them . also , the innovation schools had led to a very specific piece of innovation in the school curriculum . although there were 60 applicants from 170 previous schools , the group had a high degree of certainty about what it 's going to look like .
kirsty williams suggested that they had over 20 events where focus groups had been drawn into a report exploring views about schools and learning . it 's a powerful contribution and i thought learners would actually effect change , especially among young people involved and had a number of children who took the opportunity to feed back via different mechanisms . and how they responded to the concerns expressed in the quarterly commissioner 's s report of july 2019 that consultation materials for young people were not released until mid june , allowing just over a month for the young people to engage ? and it was disappointing that a plan was not in place at the start of the consultation period .
when it came to the welsh dimension in the new curriculum , the principle that there needs to be a directory of resources to implement that welsh were necessary to support the curriculum . and this proposal by the learned society would be considered as part of that work .
kirsty williams thought it was really important that whatever resources we had to support the welsh dimension were really , really , and they would be expecting schools to be the right in the middle of their preparation for introduction of the new curriculum . they had to recognise that progression would be reflected on that progression to both welsh language and the continuum .
the meeting began with the professor discussing the aurora project . the team thought that the system probably had a hundred , high pass and more high noise . they also discussed whistling noise analyses and how many techniques could be used . the group then discussed how they could incorporate more parameters that they were using . the meeting ended with a general discussion about the aurora tasks .
the team was looking at different types of experiments that standardizing the desirability of the inputs . they run on features right before moving into the net without the side thing . they both had a good set of features that the team was supposed to be doing well . and the team also learned to distinguish between different categories that they wanted to be good at distinguishing between these inputs . the research would help the team find out if they were on the other hand , which could potentially improve the performance of their model .
the professor thought that the neural net should be good . the neural net for the team was only doing good but it was not helpful . he suggested that the team should have a neural net without the team . the team was also interested in having a fruitful layout on the lda .
the babble calls the most noisy cases were the distant microphone for testing . the neural net was not helping at all . the team thought that loud noise was subtracting off speech . besides , the net was hurting the model , so the team thought it could be a good idea to have the net without the side .
the vad features were adversely affected by the noise , which led to a significant delay in the project . the team thought that the vad was two and a hundred milliseconds , which was causing problems for the delta . they also removed some of the techniques they had explored .
the basic function of the remote control was hard to learn . the user interface designer thought it was a good choice to use the voice recognition as long as the device was able to reproduce . based on this , the team did not have a double case and they did have a curved case . they could use a voice recognition function to navigate such a challenge to fit into the most important tasks . the third one was the two parts in an remote control with a very high level of infrared features . the remote control could be spongy , spongy and spongy . the first function was easy to use for both types of users and they expected the remote to be spongy . after all the discussions , the marketing offered a questionnaire for them to check whether they made the right decisions .
the professor thought that the delta could add a hundred milliseconds to the model , which was two to twenty as many as 250 milliseconds . he explained that the time of the normalization on normalization was long compared to the delta window . besides , the delta at the end was the best .
phd c explained that the breakdown of the latency . the phd c was working on spectral subtraction for the delta to know where the delta would use three frames . there was a parallel between the input and the input of the net as well as the forty model .
the meeting began with an update on the aurora project . the team was making progress on the project , which was coming close to a conclusion . they discussed the progress of the team 's manager : the command , ` ` p , command , and run the command .
mike was concerned that there was little recording discussion about microphone issues . he informed the team that their microphone was in the middle of the process and they were too close to get rid of all the interference . the recording also mentioned that junk got with these things that you did get with the lost breaths and so much too many breaths .
the team ran a project in which more than a million people were sent to machines each day , and the jobs would go to a certain extent , all the way down to an individual attribute machine . the team would find the fastest on the linux machine and run it on that .
the professor was concerned about how the team could collect more valuable jobs at a time . the team was using all the machines and made up of twenty people . so the team was running two simultaneously on the back of the command positions at the time .
the group had a discussion about the spectral subtraction frame for the signal . the signal was filtering two stages of speech enhancement in all the proposals . they gave them a chance to accidentally the signal into the german subtraction . the idea of filtering was filtering along with a spectral subtraction .
the team thought that the person in grenada would model the clean transformation between and noisy . they also wanted to model the changing layer of channel noise , getting rid of the channel and the channel effect . they needed implementation techniques so that it was used in grenada .
the professor thought that the corny signal was a signal , which was filtering two s filtering milliseconds into wiener filtering . the signal was categorization as a signal . he thought that equalization was dissimilar to a spectral subtraction , followed by a kl transform . he suggested that they actually could actually accidentally adapt two things to the pronunciations of local that it 's great to do things when it was noisy .
project manager gave a brief review of the project , then industrial designer , user interface and marketing gave their first presentation respectively . industrial designer and user interface presented the prototype of remote control based on the presentation by user interface , as well as three parts of the design and a fuzzy design . next , they discussed the target price of 12 .5 euros , while the first one was second with a stable base . marketing put forward the final remote control design presentation , which was compiled by marketing . the second presentation was trend watching the remote control take into account the shape of the energy source , and the second triangle piece . marketing moved the discussion to evaluate the proposed remote control project , so the group evaluated the remote according to the results . at the end of the meeting , the team members did a project discussion about the project process , such as the falafel .
industrial designer thought the remote control was easy to use because the most important function was to use . the user interface thought it 's easy for both types of users and the elderly would use it . user interface thought it was easy for the users to explore most basic functions . the marketing also suggested a novice user would like to explore all the basic functions for the elderly .
the first circle is a triangle for the yellow colour , yellow and red . the first design is a fuzzy design and a unique design . the second volume of the remote control is a stable base , so it is possible to select the channel and vegetable elements of vegetable .
the user wanted the remote control to be red and red . the basic colour was yellow and red so it was more attractive . the first circle was a triangle piece . the second volume was a spectral piece . it was the second triangle design piece .
marketing thought that the mushroom shape of the remote control was a good shape . user interface suggested that it could be a mushroom shape and vegetable . marketing disagreed with the user because it was not very convenient for users to use it . the third was a stable base , so it was hoped that the vegetable would be the unique design market .
the group agreed that the fancy look and feel were fancy and easy to judge the remote control . firstly , user interface presented on the current trend watching . so , industrial designer suggested that fancy looked like a pineapple with the finger in the basement . based on the analysis of the device , marketing thought it was quite easy for users to skip the channels from channel one to seven , but when it came to the cost control , the group decided to use a spongy rubber material . later on the team brainstormed about the size of the rubber remote control and the shape of the shape , the team decided to make it more user .
marketing thought the remote control was technologically innovative and technologically innovative . the marketing specialist thought it was technically acceptable for users to capture voice from different directions . marketing thought that technologically innovative criterion was worth the budget , so it would be able to turn the remote so that the team could make the remote into antenna array .
based on the analysis of user requirements , the marketing thought the remote control was easy to use . the user interface designer thought it was quite easy for users to know when it came to using a fancy computer . however , the industrial designer thought the ergonomic design was too easy and it would be difficult to get the controller to put it out . then the group discussed the cost of the remote , which was divided by the by the group . they decided to have a fancy one channel with a slogan and a wrap .
the team discussed the material of the solar cell , the standard and the basic version of the remote control . they made a discussion about the prototype with marketing , user interface , and industrial designer each gave a presentation on the prototype evaluation . the prototype was a pretty simple design with scores of push buttons and a low level chip on print . secondly , marketing designed an evaluation test under the guidance of the models and the team gave one to seven points to each feature of the product to see if the prototype would meet the original requirements and goals . lastly , the team calculated the cost of the prototype and found that it was not easy to use with a combination of cheap materials and fancy ones , which made the budget under control .
industrial designer agreed that it was easy to use with powerful and powerful , as the remote had a only one button . project manager suggested that the marketing team should make a lot of concerning solar cells to be able to sell it . based on this , marketing thought they needed to redesign the product .
industrial designer thought fruit and vegetables would not last for ten years , but project manager thought it was good to follow the flow and people know where they could change the appearance of the remote control . and marketing supplemented that they could create a line of annotations with a tr layout .
the remote control was competitive in the discussion of evaluation criteria of the remote control . users could add very much functionality by using the voice recognition mode as long as the device was able to reproduce it . though , high quality was low , low acceptance .
the group decided to design a remote control which should be spongy with a high device . in the product price , the price and the price of the item were twenty five euros . however , the buttons were not the most expensive , so it was hard for the remote to be easy to use . in terms of the price constraint , the group agreed to use plastic instead of plastic in plastic .
thirty hours of preparation were nearly thirty , and a half of the digits may well end up in the digits . some of the acronyms and numbers have been handled by hand , while the mark was consistent and the results were completely clean .
the group agreed that the cost of the remote was 12 euros , while the cost was 12 .5 euros , which was much higher than the twelve twelve year old . the group decided to skip the remote control only because it was not a high device .
industrial designer proposed that the remote control should be priced at 25 euros and under the budget of twenty euros . however , it was not very expensive for a remote control that had this functionality . thus , industrial designer argued that it was easier to use because these remote controls did offer voice recognition as well .
this is the third meeting . project manager began functional design meeting with reviewed last meeting and looked at new design . industrial designer and user interface presented on the most important aspect required in a remote control device . next , marketing presented market research findings from market research and participants ' market research results . they suggested the remote control should be technologically innovative and of course , as they predicted that it should be easy to use . also , they agreed to use a double standard triple a and a rechargeable .
this is the third meeting . first , the functional design meeting was about the components of the remote control and the availability of the product . marketing wrapped the lid on the case , stating that the kinetic was the energy source , and whether it was too expensive or too expensive . also , marketing suggested going to use a battery watch instead of double standard batteries and solar charging . in addition , industrial designer believed that it could be a combination of rubber and plastic but project manager rejected the suggestion and settled on designing a rounded one remote control with standard batteries .
the team decided on leaving the for everything and that they had to incorporate the image of the company into it . they decided on it being a flip design and a different shape from what 's normal . and they were going to think about the port alarm for getting it lost , but they were just going over it .
this was the third preference for the subject group . first of those findings , fancy is twice as important as being easy to use and also want a remote control to be technologically innovative , and technologically innovative . also , they also wanted a modern feel rather than the current look and feel of remote controls .
this is the second part of my findings . the most current silicone use an mo circuit board , which sends out standard signals , based on the input and it 's much used in every remote control . if you wanted to see how thin the tracks are , you could instantly put them virtually right next to each other and have a much smaller switch on each one .
industrial designer thought that it would be a bit too bulky at the moment . according to marketing 's research , the kinetic was a combination of wind and solar charging . it would be able to charge a remote when people got when they got . as for the lcd , industrial manager pointed out that the battery was only a tiny amount of time it was charged .
industrial designer thought it was too expensive to buy a new case for the titanium , which would give the shape of the case . for instance , people could change the colour like green to chilli red or something like a rubber cover . this case would be comfortable to hold on .
user interface thought it would be good to have a contrast between if rubber buttons were made of this material which was anti . industrial designer thought the remote control would be flat inside and there would be a touch screen inside . the team would also have a flat screen inside with the printed circuit board .
the group discussed the progress of the transcription , the task of tightening up the boundaries of time bins , naming them as captains , and delving into words that are complete . , in his turn , explained the size of the digits and time bins are discussed .
marketing proposed to use a small stylus to press the touch screen on the device when discussing the material of the device , which was easy to be attached . user interface then proposed to make a small sponge in a small small remote control with a special pen for someone who would need a pen . project manager agreed and suggested tweaking the touch pad very fast compared to a button .
marketing thought that if you just put the full charge through the design of the device , it would not be easy to find . however , he did know if the mirror effect on the remote control was on the display . he was not sure about the mirror .
this is the fourth meeting . industrial designer and user interface first discussed the components of the remote control and the availability of the device . marketing mentioned that it should be easy to find and that the kinetic was too short and flexible to use could lead to the whole process . also , marketing suggested going through the day when users could use the buttons to get lost when they were on the side . after that , the team discussed the design and availability of some materials . they decided to use the lcd screen in a sudden appearance and only keep it simple instead of using rubber covers .
based on the analysis of user requirements , the group evaluated mainly from marketing and industrial design to check on the needs and customer needs . also , they had a latest finding of voice recognition , which mentioned that group had developed a new speech recognition prototype because they were not consistent with other models and all could be used .
user interface thought the only idea was that they would have to cut down somewhere else , but project manager thought they could upgrade gap later . industrial designer thought that they could start with the black and white one because project manager believed that they used cheap and cheap cheap and relatively simple things .
this was a heated debate between the opposition party and the emergency departments . the members from the opposition parties first pointed out that the government had gone through sometimes harsh audits , and the auditor general had to do more with less , audits and their ability to conduct was being affected . the group also discussed how the government could implement a proper job , and how they could work together to help the canadians during the pandemic .
the meeting included an overview of the economic problems between rural and canada . the following topics were systemic racism . hon . freeland emphasized that the government should not wait for an inquiry to be recommended to take action . the comments were made during the visit to the center .
hon . freeland introduced that the planet was dealing with the pandemic and their daily lives had been turned upside down . currently , the planet had shown that they were once again to meet their intended goals . a rubber stamp under the guise of health and safety was not democracy . therefore , they would rise to all women and non people who were standing .
the meeting included an alternative to the quebec commission in quebec . the members mentioned that the government should work with the rigours of parliament , canadian workers and the regional schools were supposed to be better educated on indigenous realities and cultures . therefore , they had seen the strength , resilience and community spirit of the students . this was the biggest challenge to the and the world class of 2020 .
according to kirsty williams , they had worked with the auditor general to increase the funding of the auditor office in 2018 , and the equivalent of 38 new full staff were added . it was no surprise that the prime minister likes to reach back into history from 2015 before the election to justify his position . the auditor general had admitted that she would be able to do half as many audits , despite a massive explosion in government spending . the public should not let the house of commons do its work , so she proposed to debate and voting on important legislation to help canadians .
basically , the children , young people and education committee 's meeting was about the inquiry on otherwise within the school system . the members talked about the current situations and problems caused by , and the efforts they have made for years . the meeting was mainly about the education issues and challenges of funding . the group also discussed care of students , students and their learners . the next step was to talk about the curriculum reform and the application of local authorities . in the end , kirsty williams am suggested that some schools in torfaen may have to make sure that everything in place for the learners to go back to school . however , the fact was that there was so much pressure on the , including their pupil referral units , as well as the school . finally , the meeting ended with a general review of the alternate provisions they were receiving for .
the opposition party adopted legislation that would help directly support canadians living with disabilities , will expand the scope of the wage subsidy and would increase the flexibility of the emergency benefit response . the prime minister would extend the for families in need , but he still wants to go back to work , but there was no work forecast for his job to be reopened .
this was something that had been brought to the attention for months , and still nothing has done . it was not conducted on the relief programs . to assure everyone in this house , they were aware that the needs of women and girls were taken into consideration every step of the way , from the beginning , and as they worked hard to ensure that everyone had the support they needed .
project manager introduced a new remote control project for television sets , and the team got familiar with each other through some icebreaker games . the remote control would be priced at 25 euros and a production cost of 12 .5 euros . priority will be given to standard features , such as sorting through channels , instead of more advanced internet features .
project manager introduced a new remote control project for television sets , and the product costs would be priced at twelve euros and more than twelve . project manager then invited the team to give one to seven points to each feature of the product to see if the product would meet the original requirements and goals of the project .
project manager proposed that the remote control should be imaginative with an international remote control , just as everybody would have to use it . however , project manager had proposed that it would be going to be designing a kind of international product when discussing the product features .
the group decided to keep the product under 12 and fifty euros , so they had to keep it under 12 euros and f . to achieve the benefit , the product would be priced at 25 euros . the price would be 25 euros , which was twenty five euros .
industrial designer and user interface would have to work on the design of the remote control and think of the user interface design . marketing would also be given the work of design , such as the industrial designer interface design and user interface function respectively . the user interface would design the function , and the industrial designer would design it and have to take care of the industrial design . as for the user interface design , it would be the outside and the the inside .
the industrial designer thought that the user interface design was the function design function and was the outside design . however , the industrial designer argued that this function would be the outside and the inside . and the industrial design did not design the function as well .
the user interface designer was supposed to design the user interface in order to make it easier to find the remote control . then the industrial designer talked about the difference between the user and user interface design . industrial designer thought it was the outside and the inside . then project manager suggested that the industrial design was the function design function . user interface designer also agreed .
the meeting began with an introduction to the building of tango and vista notice . the team discussed the feasibility of the appearance of the ` ` winner on admission , and subsequent apologies . the meeting ended with a general discussion about the aurora project and the manner of the motioned .
the meeting was mainly about the funding issues faced by gwenllian . hence , there have been big issues around them , to point where local authorities at one point almost 5 % had not planned for them , and therefore there was no spare funding there to draw on . as for the new act , it was going to place more pressure on the system . in addition , the government did think about the staff in the pupil units , because they had gone back to the same situation , really because there were direct legislation there with the government to make sure there was a proper understanding of the or additional learning needs .
grad b explained that the team was going to set up features along the lines of where they would go to a navigational point to go to another place . the idea of whether they are a tourist attraction has been drawn from the communication of some variables .
the discourse is going to be added into and caching streams . it performs assist in coordinating the gesture screen issues . this performs some help in the transmitter resolution . the discourse will consist of all the structures that are omitted . the reason for this is that people are not necessarily rejecting what happened before , but also how to get to this place in chicago .
the building where the landmark was based on a list of important domain features is going to be made in a different mode . it was either in route to something else or to look at the walls . the context , in this particular domain name , would be open to suggestions .
industrial designer proposed to add middle layer to the design of the tourist setting . the middle layer would be grouped along the lines of where they would go to a navigational point to go to another place . therefore , the middle layer work would be simplified to the idea of whether they are a tourist . there would be less likely to use the location of a helicopter , thus allowing the user to view things that they would not be in a hurry .
the discourse is going to be added into the representations at every cinema in town . in order to control all the structures that are omitted , they will try to figure out the right intention . in the latter half of the discourse , each step -by dialogue will be added to the representations .
the first trial run for the data collection ran forth and it looked as if friday afternoon would be the time when they have a trial run . the wizard of the wizard would be one of you going to be the subject , but also recruiting subjects , organizing them and forth .
the whole meeting was focused on the conceptual remote control product . after project manager briefly reaffirmed the agreements reached in previous meetings , marketing , user interface , and industrial designer each gave a presentation about trend , interface design , and components design respectively . then , project manager started a report on experiment and informed group mates that 40 % of the buttons would be used on tv . due to the budget limit , the group set the target price at 12 .5 euros . then the group had a discussion about the target people and made initial design decisions .
project manager first recapped the idea of using a fancy remote control for television , and then agreed that the remote control should be designed to be a special product . in the end , users would skip speech recognition directly because they wanted to keep the old things simple . however , according to the team , they had to think about the conception of the product and set the target price at 25 euros . besides , they were more interested in new features because younger people wanted to spend more money on the new remote control .
marketing suggested giving up on speech recognition when presenting the functional requirements . though , younger people wanted to spend more money on the remote control so that they could skip speech recognition directly because it was not costly for the twenty five euros . besides , marketing also mentioned that if they made a remote control for only television , it could skip the tv because it 's hard to be sold for twenty euros .
user interface suggested that the elderly people should use the remote and stand out by looks of the remote control . it should be simple so that they could make it a different colour or different . marketing also proposed that they should design their own fashion , the own style .
there have been big issues around tribunals , to the point where local authorities at one point almost 25 as well , and they got a host of issues . it was difficult to know how and governing bodies will react if they are under pressure or financially in terms of the new curriculum .
industrial designer expressed a desire to make the remote easier to find out , but user interface thought there should be two or three seconds or one second . based on the analysis of user requirements , user interface emphasized that the basic functions like numbers and that sort of stuff should be included on the remote control . then user interface suggested a menu button to go to the channel you ' have been web browser before , back button .
project manager started meeting on the detailed design of the remote control . industrial designer and user interface each gave a presentation on the prototype with a fancy look and feel fancy , but the group still had to combine with conventional batteries . then group members did calculations on the final remote control presentation . based on the analysis of marketing , the group did a discussion about target group members . also , they discussed the target group and decided to use the kinetic energy , the batteries and the cover rubber . after that , project manager steered the meeting to further questions , including technical functions , colour , material , color design , buttons functionality , and group logo .
project manager began a detailed review of the last meeting . industrial designer and user interface each gave a presentation on the components of the remote control and gave his data to the group . the group discussed the final remote control presentation , which was a pretty simple design and a fancy look , fun design and feel of the elder group . based on the analysis of marketing , the group continued to focus on the target group and make initial presentations .
the group decided to skip the remote control with rubber colours such as a soft sponge material , soft material , colour and lcd . marketing also suggested that the group should skip the titanium stuff , the design , and use wood or a special sponge material .
industrial designer proposed that the remote control could be made colourful or soft material , even with exchangeable soft materials such as cell phones , can be provided for both the young and old ones . project manager agreed and supposed that the elder group should use wood instead of a sponge as a remote control .
industrial designer expressed a desire to make a remote control more advanced in its shape . the big grey image with lcd was in the presentation of the remote control , so it was a bit like a wave form . the team decided to use the rubber buttons and push it with dull dull .
the group decided to use a scroll function with a speaker , the material on the remote control , and also have two separate buttons . they also had double scroll with scroll wheels , the contents of channels , and the regular chip . besides , they were not very likely to be pointed at each other .
the team thought that the scroll could be integrated with scroll buttons and also had double scroll , which were two of these things . they did really have the kind of button they used . and they did have a scroll button on scroll .
industrial designer thought that customers would go insane when they had to look at a large cost . user interface thought that if they wanted to use lcd displays , they would say if they did have enough space in their finance . project manager did think the lcd display was a bit cheaper .
the whole meeting was focused on the ongoing design of the remote control . industrial designer , marketing and user interface each gave a presentation about components design . they discussed a flip design , reducing the size of the control and an electronic touch screen . the group agreed that unlike the younger age group , the remote should be the smallest one . then , the group had a discussion about its function . the team agreed that it should be user by being easy to use , rather than for fear of new technology . also , they agreed to bring up the price and focus on the energy consumption .
david hopkins was considered by many factors as the factor that affected exclusions . while there have been big issues around tribunals , to the point where local authorities at one point almost exceeded the school as a consequence , which was what happened and on the additional learning side , while the minister currently made some more money available .
the team agreed that the remote should be user by being easy to use , rather than when it came to the cost . the main components such as the size of the control should be added to the remote control so that people would only need to pay more attention to their remote controls .
industrial designer thought that a triple a batteries could be small or the gap surrounding it . in addition , the batteries would not be necessary due to the cost of batteries , so users could get the sort of round circular ones for people who was watching the tv unless they were in a cinema shape and how much they needed to send the data across .
marketing presented market research and concluded that users dislike the look and feel of current remote controls . the market research also revealed that seventy five percent of users only use ten percent of the buttons . the group decided to focus on a younger age group and was willing to pay more for a fashionable new remote control . besides , the elder generation thought that general fear of new technology was more pressing .
industrial designer thought that the small movements of the remote control could lead to a kind of shoulder and elbow problems . the large majority of users only use ten percent of the buttons , so again the big button issue could also cut back on cost if the lost control could give off speech recognition .
industrial designer said that the different designs of different designs such as the lcd screen could be a better option for the controller because they were generally just japanese people having smaller hands . and the company could make a small , bigger screen for different countries or smaller ones for smaller ones .
industrial designer proposed to have a flip for a shell shell shell or shell shell . user interface suggested that if it was a vague sponge , a banana kind of moulded to the hand could be made in plastics . marketing also suggested that the remote control could be paired with a different sponge shell or a shell .
the meeting between the children , young people and education committee and the welsh baccalaureate . the committee discussed the status of the baccalaureate , which is mainly about the qualification to the welsh learners . the meeting started with some discussion about the baccalaureate and its effect in dr david and dr david atherton .
jo thought employers had a clear understanding of what the welsh means or what it includes . however , kirsty williams am did think that employers would understand the value or what they were trying to achieve through the welsh at present . it was a huge problem , but not only to employers , and also to parents and young people . they wanted to get the engineering qualifications and they wanted them to be literate , , and they want them to have digital skills .
ed evans believed that employers engaged in this , supporting schools and colleges and offering them a learning lot more directly from industry , especially the contracting sector , which depends very much on pupils who have come through from a less academic background , the welsh baccalaureate gives them that ability .
according to kirsty williams , they need to be far more clever in terms of how they join these programmes in the world , why not link up those contractual clauses , which tie in employers and feed it directly into schools so that employers had a far structured way of getting employers that engages the best , certainly , in their college .
now the group has been building a brand provision in swansea , which would be open in january 2021 . it was also more informal training they receive by making joint visits , to provision and also using expertise that they do have within the sector . now , they have appointed an action plan , which they monitor , about how they are using that funding . also , they had a successful reduction in the support . the principle was fine , but it had bring a host of other issues with it .
carol answered lynne neagle 's opinions about how well the welsh helped prepare for the work . carol explained that they had no room for everything in the funding or in terms of the time of the capacity of the learner to help the health and social care people become more employable and what employable were supposed to be part of the development for employability .
dr . kay martin ( port college and vale college ) opinion on how well the welsh learners helped prepare for employment . some people did not get literacy and numeracy skills were being tested and many of them were below the equivalent of three a , even in a vocational programme . as for the welsh performance , it needed to be reviewed to look at how they could make and skilled people more employable .
dafydd evans ( nick ) and nick deputy principal ) ) opinion on how well the welsh helped prepare for employment was a key part , developing the skills skills challenge certificates as well as the capacity of the learner to be able to do that number of qualifications . the welsh language was a combination of different qualifications and it was not just the welsh government for everyone to get a c grade in the core subjects .
the views to what extent they believe that universities in the main understand the value of the welsh baccalaureate were kirsty williams , who was cardiff university , and there was no doubt a track record of getting learners into top universities . about 20 per cent of our learners go to russell group universities and there is no doubt in merthyr tydfil . the welsh government is looking to increase the numbers applying to top universities and top courses , but they consider whether it is a subject or enabling an subject .
the welsh government is looking to increase the numbers applying to top universities and top universities . about 20 per cent of our learners go to russell group universities , and there was no doubt a track record of getting into top universities ( wales ' - and there is no doubt in . welsh students could potentially be doing three a subjects plus the welsh and performed in a2s welsh universities .
the situation in north wales was when discussing to what extent that universities understood the value of the welsh , and there was no problem there . the clarity of the exact nature of the area and the greater percentage of students staying in welsh universities was less of a problem .
carol answered lynne neagle 's question by introducing a specialist qualification to deliver the welsh . in the end , kirsty williams am suggested that if it 's going to be a success , it 's got to be , and for the lecturers to do that , and it was required very within the vocational qualification as well . in terms of bringing those businesses into schools in a structured way , not an ad way , which was just a teaching consortium that they hoped to roll out . now , if that was rolled out across the board , he was not saying that it made it easier for teachers in particular , they were going to struggle to deliver some of these commercial and skilled world , because it was not their bag teacher in particular .
rowlands introduced a specialist qualification to deliver the welsh performance would help in some way in improving its perception and perception . the chair of ) thought that if it 's going to be a success , it 's got to be , and for the lecturers to do that , and to implement that , the lecturers had started to work well when their sports lecturers had taken the welsh on board and put it in the context of the sports curriculum .
the deputy principal thought of introducing a specialist training teacher training . the number of those staff have already got those skills and they 're developing within other elements of the nature of the qualification . the group also considered the baccalaureate as well as the fact that they had got staff who got those skill and they were developing them within the other elements .
the team members met to decide which features were desired by users and to decide how to design the shape and appearance of the remote control . marketing and user interface presented on what they did in the last meeting and decided to incorporate in conceptual design . then , industrial designer highlighted the marketing features of fancy fashion , look and feel , technology innovation and design innovation . next , marketing presented the specific components based on the knowledge of user and group mates . after that , project manager steered the meeting to further questions , including technical functions , material , color screen , buttons , and lighting .
