the group discussed recording equipment issues , including the purchase of two additional headsets and the prospect of getting a new base station and a set of wireless microphones to replace those wired microphones currently in use . speaker fe008 presented the current status on transcriptions , and explained procedures for cleaning up transcripts and ensuring they conform with set conventions . speaker mn014 briefly described his efforts to normalize loudness levels across speech channels to distinguish between foreground and background speech . finally , the group discussed legal and procedural issues concerning the provision of transcripts to meeting participants for 'bleeping out ' any sections of speech they want excluded from the meeting recorder database .
the group discussed recording equipment issues , including the purchase of two additional headsets and the prospect of getting a new base station and a set of wireless microphones to replace those wired microphones currently in use .
the students coming to the end of their statutory education were facing the biggest challenge , for it would be far more difficult for them to go back into the mainstream education process when they turned 15 or 16 , not to mention the transition into further education , such as colleges .
marketing proposed that the fancy look and feel were more important than the functionality of the product . the fruit and vegetable theme was the current trend , and marketing himself preferred fruits to vegetables . therefore , how spongy the material could be should be taken into consideration when choosing the materials . the potential materials to accomplish the fruit and vegetable theme could be a sort of rubber , which was used in the stress balls . the alternative option was to use a cover for it , and choose a colour that fits one 's sitting room .
industrial designer thought some parts needed custom design , and other parts should just use standard . for example , the case needed custom design to protect the remote and the locator , and the circuit board needed custom design as well , while the buttons and the wheels , radio sender and receiver were all standard parts . in addition , beeper or other noise things were needed as well for locating the remote . rubber , plastic , wood and titanium were options of materials , but better not titanium . regular chips were required if the ipod -style wheel button was used .
user interface assumed they were going to have a screen at first , since user interface thought a screen was necessary for people to visualize things such as a specific song when looking for one . however , since adding a screen cost more money , and tv could be used as the screen , they finally decided that screen was not necessary .
battery , solar power , dynamo , kryptonite were potential options of the energy . they ended up with a preference on kryptonite . even though they could not find an exact price for it , it would not be more expensive than a chip .
industrial designer preferred battery . industrial designer was not very familiar with dynamo . wind -up or a dynamo or a solar power were all possible , but solar power would not be available with the rubber case .
the website did not give an actual cost , but most of the stuff was cheap . the chip would be the most expensive part anyway , so the group should not worry about the cost of the kryptonite too much .
this meeting was about the prototype presentation of the remote control . firstly , the group had a prototype discussion on the remote control 's scroll wheel , standard place , the round shape , the multiple speech buttons , the menu buttons , and the text button with hard plastic material . next , the group evaluated remote 's look , ease of use , and technological innovation based on different criteria . lastly , the group discussed that the production price would be 12 .3 euros , and the target price would be 20 euros . finally , they posed a quick challenge on using the magic pen and the board to draw design features .
marketing set the criteria for evaluation . the group gave two points on the fancy look and feel , three points on the ease of use and learnable , and two points on technological innovation because the group thought new features were not all extraordinary . besides , they gave two points on the target market trend which said that the products with fruit and vegetables in different colors might be popular . lastly , they gave high marks on the room for creativity and leadership .
project manager thought the second layer of the remote was not easy to learn but industrial designer responded that users would not need to pay attention to that part . the group reached a consensus that the scroll wheel was much better than average . so they gave a two on this criterion .
project manager thought they should skip the speaker when user interface mentioned the power indicator . marketing recommended that they need a button to beep for calling and they should include the speaker because it was usable and small enough . also , marketing supplemented that the production cost has been considered and within 12 .3 euros .
sharon davies recommended the team -around -the -family approach to ensure what was needed for learners to go back into school , as well as what the school could provide . she pointed out the importance of the whole package of support , which not only surrounded the learners but also their families . in addition , she gave an example of the pru in oxford who built the partnership between the school and the pru student to demonstrate the responsibility of schools and the significance of school participation .
the remote price would be at twenty euros . and the production cost would be twelve point three euros . and the group thought that the use of both the board and the pen to draw on the remote prototype was stupid and not handy enough .
user interface mentioned that they got the wrong information at the wrong time , and it was the biggest problem . otherwise , the group could finish the finance discussion earlier , and they should have had discussions quicker .
project manager introduced a new remote control project . the team started to know each other by drawing favourite animals . project manager proposed to price each remote control at 25 euros , considering the 12 .5 -euro production cost . the market range would be international and over all age groups . after the financial targets , the team discussed the remote design . despite the ` ` one -for -all '' style , the remote was still supposed to be user -friendly . standard features such as sorting through channels and adjusting volume would not lose their priority . the team , therefore , agreed on a style of basic buttons with a self -intuitive screen menu . silver lightweight plastic was temporarily decided to be the material , for it is easily moulded and cost -saving .
industrial designer desired to integrate remote controls for different appliances into one . marketing pointed out that such integration would lead to too many buttons , which was not user -friendly enough . instead , marketing suggested that a menu display should be incorporated . project manager and user interface agreed and added that basic buttons could remain . user interface and industrial designer refused the flip top , however , for it costs a lot . the team temporarily chose lightweight plastic to be the material .
marketing believed that most of the market would want convenient channel browsing and volume adjustment features instead of any tampering or programming with too many buttons . user interface agreed with the simplification of symbols . the team came up with a menu display to make the remote more user -friendly .
industrial designer initially worried about the replacement of buttons . industrial designer was soon convinced by marketing that the age gap was a problem regardless of any design modifications and insisted on the incorporation of a menu display , however .
industrial designer was uncertain about whether the remote could look fashionable with plastic at first . marketing and project manager exemplified other remote controls to make industrial designer believe that silver plastic could look smart .
project manager proposed to price each remote control at 25 euros , considering the 12 .5 -euro production cost . the profit aim for the team would be 50 million euros in the first year . the market range would be international and over all age groups .
project manager hoped to make the market range international , covering all age groups , instead of focusing solely on the business market . project manager highlighted that the team should not worry about the language differences and the big target group would be achievable .
this meeting was about conceptual design . the user interface designer first introduced three concepts in the user interface - google controller , fancy controller , and intelligent controller . the first two were approved by the project manager , but the last one was seriously questioned . the group finally decided to mix the google controller and fancy controller with some simple vocal commands . the discussion about product industrial design covered three aspects —material , alimentation , and chip . the industrial designer suggested using wood and having buttons with lcd , applying the classical battery and solar energy alimentation , and using low level chips , which was agreed by the group . the marketing expert gave three points from the market analysis . users would like to have a fancy look and feel and the product should be technologically innovative . at the same time , being user -friendly was also important . then the group discussed how to make these requirements into practice .
one of the advantages was that youngsters ' voice could be heard in time if they showed the willingness to go back into school ; the framework offered the excluded learners a cooling -off period . the disadvantage was mainly some individual schools ' lack of capacity to organize and offer additional training . monitor and evaluation systems of the eotas provision were supposed to be set up to ensure the education quality .
the user interface designer introduced three concepts in the user interface - google controller , fancy controller , and intelligent controller . the three meant that the product would be simple but powerful , attractive and recognizable , and loaded with speech recognition technology and gesture recognition technology . the first two were approved by the project manager , but the last one was seriously questioned . after a lot of discussions , the group finally decided to mix the google controller and fancy controller with some simple vocal commands .
the user interface designer believed a controller with speech recognition technology and gesture recognition technology would be convenient when you could n't find it . more importantly , although the feature was not one hundred percent reliable , it was a feature to distinguish the new product from traditional ones . and there 's not enough motivation for users to replace their old controller with a new one if there 's no key feature in the new controller .
the project manager put forward that the speech recognition would n't work when several persons wanted to change the channel at the same time , and the cost would surely rise if adding the two technologies . in response to that , the user interface designer said they would just cooperate with some research institute and the vocabulary was limited , so it would n't cost much . then the project manager posed the language problem . the user interface designer answered they would have some language adaptations so the product could be used by people from all countries . finally , there were still problems with the microphone and camera that were necessary for the two technologies .
the discussion about product industrial design covered three aspects —material , alimentation , and chip . the industrial designer suggested using wood instead of plastic to make the controller more fashionable and having buttons with lcd so that people could see the controller in dark . in terms of the alimentation , it would be good to have both the classical battery and solar energy alimentation . considering that the product was supposed to be easy to use , the industrial designer thought some low level chip would be enough , which was agreed by the group .
with the solar energy alimentation , people in remote areas could recharge the controller more conveniently . plus , it might attract some ecologists to purchase . although the design would increase the production cost , it would be added value that can be compensated .
the group decided to use wood partly instead of plastic because they wanted to put fashion in electronics and wood was a good option . by contrast , the plastic material was more common , impersonal , and not so high class as wood .
the marketing expert gave three points from the market analysis . users would like to have a fancy look and feel rather than a functional one . apart from that , they still wanted the product to be technologically innovative . at the same time , being user -friendly was also important . then the group discussed how to make these requirements into practice .
that year everything from clothes to shoes and furniture was inspired by fruits and vegetables so the marketing suggested taking that into account . the marketing also mentioned that people wanted a spongy touch which meant the product might be partly wooden and partly rubber -made .
to meet the requirements of being fashionable and spongy , the group decided to use wood and rubber to make the controller . maybe the part that users touched , such as the buttons , would be rubber , and the rest would be wooden , which would feel natural .
the meeting started by discussing the functional design of the remote control . marketing gave the study on user needs and target groups . user interface gave the presentation on technical effect design and industrial designer gave the presentation on working design . then project manager initiated new project requirements brainstorming . the group had agreed on the on -call button design , dvd capability button design , power button design , and denied speech recognition design as well as mouse pad design . they would further discuss the function switch button and its compatibility in the next meeting .
sharon davies expressed her strong objection to the exclusions caused by tuition or safeguarding . she pointed out that the difficulty with home tuition was the limited access the local authority could get into the families . the quality of home tuition was difficult to assure , unless the families invited them there , which was a really rare situation . all in all , the role of local authorities was restricted in this aspect .
project manager stated the meeting topic on function design . firstly , marketing concluded a study on user needs , including buttons for channel selection according to the frequency of use and the relevance of each button , and suggested targeting on the nineteen to thirty -five years old age group to design functions . next , user interface presented on the technical effect on what functions users need and how to make the best functions for users . then , industrial designer presented the working design , including input a channel or volume setting and output the location function to the television .
at the first beginning of the discussion , industrial designer mentioned that it would be easy to implement something like a buzzer to trace the remote location . project manager suggested a two -part package - on one hand , users could click the button on the tv to send out the signal ; on the other hand , the remote base could beep probably so that users could know where the remote control has gone .
marketing suggested the speech recognition design is for user groups aged from nineteen to thirty -five . industrial designer supplemented the feature design that if the tv is on and somebody says like one , then the tv would switch itself to channel one . however , project manager illustrated that considering the budget , to have the speech recognition programmed in every single remote might be expensive . and this ended up was commonly agreed by other group mates .
project manager mentioned that the group needed to decide on the vcr capabilities and answered industrial designer 's question on whether vcrs were the same across the world . so industrial designer suggested a whole different set of buttons for individual vcrs . project manager suggested dvd type if considering the target group as young professionals and teenagers .
the meeting was taken up by discussion about a thesis proposal and a talk about to take place at eml . it was advised that more emphasis should be put on the role of construal in the understanding of metaphor and metonymy . base constructions deal with the norm , while further general domain mechanisms determine how the constructions are invoked depending on the context . several potential examples of polysemy were discussed in detail : ` ` walk /run into '' , ` ` on the bus '' , ` ` out of film '' , ` ` where is x ? '' . however , none of them was an example of lexical polysemy resolved by construal straightforward enough to include in the proposal ; the tourist domain is not metaphor rich .
the thesis proposal presents the idea of ` ` construal '' and makes claims as to how inferences are drawn in a probabilistic relational model by using information from the ontology , situation , user and discourse models . it was advised that more emphasis should be put on the role of construal in the understanding of metaphor and metonymy .
the talk will present the work that is currently being done at icsi including examples of inference of user intentions and of the recordings of the on -going data collection . the talk will also outline the theoretical ( x -schemas , image schemas , bayes -nets ) and neural background .
as the talk at eml will also refer to a theoretical framework , it was suggested that along with presenting ntl and the piece on mirror neurons , it also alludes to relevant fmri work . the neural side of the research could be of interest to various groups . the language analysis itself will be introduced in terms of image schemas . on the other hand , it was arranged for more feedback on the thesis proposal to be sent by email . the latest version of the construction formalism will also be needed to complete the presentation .
this meeting was about the functional design of the remote control . firstly , marketing gave a presentation on the remote control market trend and suggested a fancy look as well as technology innovation features . secondly , user interface presented on technical function design and recommended changeable fonts on remote buttons and a modern look with a handheld shape . thirdly , industrial designer presented on component design and suggested a soft material case with flashy colors and transparent buttons . industrial designer thought the normal infrared led should be sufficient . lastly , the group discussed the remote 's features and they decided to have features including normal battery , scroll wheel , round shape , and speech recognition .
marketing gave the presentation on the remote control market . marketing suggested that the first most important aspect of remote controls should be with a fancy look and feel instead of the current functional look and feel . and the second most important aspect was that a remote control should be technologically innovative . lastly , marketing suggested the spongy material and colour fronts .
the intuition in a private setting was supposed to follow a restricted timetable , for no matter for what reason the students ' need can not be met at school , the pru staff ought to provide them with some education . besides , the education provided should be different from the education provided by agency staff , who merely offered a few hours ' provision or the service offered by local libraries .
when user interface asked the group how to make the spongy remote , marketing thought about changeable fronts and some basic colour fronts because a fancy look was the most important thing for remote control . so they could make five different fronts to start with . marketing also mentioned that it could be round , different from a normal remote control .
user interface recommended the speech recognition when marketing asked how to do with technological innovation because user interface knew from the technology department that they had done research about it and recommended using speech . and user interface would also check with the technology department on how to do that .
the group decided to have the normal batteries , the scroll wheel with rubber buttons together with back -lights , the beeping of the home station , the round shape as well as the speech recognition with an advanced chip . and they would skip the lcd because they would need the most expensive chip if they used an lcd .
marketing and user interface suggested the group could choose the shape of the remote either like an ipod square or a more innovative round shape . project manager thought they should choose a round shape with rounded corners , instead of looking like an ipod so that would be more innovative .
marketing emphasized on the importance of technology innovation . so project manager suggested putting the speech recognition in the remote directly and they would need an advanced chip . the group agreed on it and industrial designer supplemented that the division had developed a new and inexpensive speech recognition feature : the integrated programmable sample sensor , indicating that the cost would not be too much .
the whole meeting was a special committee on the covid -19 pandemic . after some regulations proposed by the chair , the members presented many petitions on behalf of different areas . then the meeting proceeded to questioning ministers , the attendees asked for the reasons that the government put easy policy for fraudulence and tax evasion of businessmen . moreover , the participants required government support under the covid -19 pandemic , not only for the elderly and vulnerable people , but also for energy resources and tourism sectors . at the same time , the exact funding from the government should be given to green economies including agriculture and forestry . in addition , the meeting also discussed the current situations of different sectors such as employment , fishing and tourism , oil and gas and business affected by the covid -19 and called for government support for these sectors . last but not least , the attendees required strict implementations of the laws and appealed for process following . they wanted a transparency and open environment for voting and debating under the precondition of community safety . also , they wanted affordable medication including vaccines as a part of a sound health care system for their people .
mr . dan albas asked about the handling of fraudulence by the canadian government but right hon . justin trudeau , the prime minister , was saying that the government put giving support and help to canadians in the first place . then mr . gabriel ste -marie questioned the reason why the government supported the profiteers for tax evasion when implementing the large employer emergency financing facility . however , right hon . justin trudeau thought they were making plans to help workers to survive this pandemic and was always their priority to overcome . hon . candice bergen required that how they were dealing with unopened mail at service canada and put out a violence case that why the liberals were making this gun illegal and what the purpose of banning this particular farm rifle was . it was demonstrated by hon . bill blair that many canadians were murdered by these guns which was their explanation of banning guns .
mr . gabriel ste -marie first asked the prime minister whether the government would outlaw what was immoral and then , put it precisely , made an example that a bank relocated its most profitable activities carried out in canada and registered them in a subsidiary in the bahamas , barbados or another tax haven . under this situation , the government might not consider this bank to be paying its fair share of taxes in canada and that was why mr . gabriel ste -marie said that the prime minister continued to support the profiteers .
first , the canadian association of chiefs of police declared that military assault rifles were produced for the sole purpose of killing people in large numbers and urged the government to enact legislation to ban all military assault rifles , except for law enforcement and military purposes . and hon . bill blair thought what their regulations said very clearly , was that weapons that were designed not for hunting and not for sport purposes but for soldiers to use in combat to kill other soldiers in canadian society .
during the pandemic of covid -19 , the government should fix this gap so that the single parents and their children could get the support they need . also , matching funds and adequate housing should be given to support the affected in canada . in addition , the elderly , one of the highest risk populations , had obtained extra funding from the government . besides , vulnerable people like the disabled could gain more funding support and workers affected by the pandemic could also gain support .
pru was supposed to collaborate with schools to arrange special curriculums to meet the students ' special needs . this not only had something to do with finance but was also related to the recruitment of professional staff . the training for special education ought to be included in the professional training system .
ms . jenny kwan gave an example that a single parent with four school -age children lost her spousal and child support due to covid -19 . she paid taxes on her spousal income , but she was not eligible for cerb . that meant a complicated program delivered by the government that left many people behind , and more importantly , there was no action reacting to it . so ms . jenny kwan called for a fixation for this gap and proposed that matching funding and adequate housing should be arranged for those who were affected .
as one of the highest risk populations , the elderly 's costs had gone up . many seniors who were facing extra dispensing fees were already carefully budgeting before the pandemic . it was so important that the government be there to support them . the government announced a one -time , tax -free payment of $ 300 for seniors eligible for oas and an additional $ 200 for seniors eligible for gis . this meant there would be up to $ 500 for the most vulnerable seniors to help them with their financial security to get through this challenging time . beyond this , they announced $ 20 million to expand the new horizons for seniors program to kick -start initiatives and services that would help seniors to get grocery deliveries right to their door and to stay connected .
since quebec was canada 's biggest producer of hydroelectricity , renewable energy sharing through an energy corridor was very essential for different areas in canada . and as a hard -hit sector , tourism needed much support from the canadian government . the government was going to protect the tourism -based economy by investing in tourism infrastructure and upgrades to ensure canada 's tourist regions would be ready when the economy reopened . when it came to the green economy , the government now gave priority to the virus and making through this disaster . also , they paid much attention to the small businesses and carried out measures to help them out .
the current economic situation could lead to the disappearance of canada 's tourism industry . and the pain would be felt by thousands of canadians , who would have to find new jobs in order to survive . let 's work together to find ways to get this hard -hit sector moving again . many people had lost their jobs and needed assistance from the government . that was why they were here , providing a helping hand at this difficult time so they could come out the other side .
they shared the member 's concern that small businesses be supported . that 's why they 've moved forward with a number of measures that are designed to be of assistance . with respect to rent support , they were encouraging landlords to support this measure . obviously , rent and landlord -tenant relations were under provincial jurisdiction . at every opportunity hon . bill morneau talked to the provincial finance ministers to encourage them to get engaged there . they would continue to support small businesses . it allowed for small businesses to significantly reduce their rent and for landlords to be protected with up to 75 % of the rent . it was a sound program and would require the provinces to step forward and enforce it .
during the pandemic , the lobster fishery was being negatively affected and was facing losses of up to 95 % of its asian markets . many fishermen had their wives , their sons , their uncles or their fathers working for them , and sometimes it was the whole family on the boat . moreover , the tourism season is already deeply affected by covid -19 . a number of industries , businesses and festivals were having to deal with considerable losses of income . as for oil and gas , western canada oil storage is under extreme pressure . if thermal projects such as sagd are shut down , those facilities could be lost forever . the oil and gas sector was suffering through two crises - - covid and the effects of a global price war .
the fish and seafood sector had been extremely adversely affected because of covid -19 . they 've started to put measures in place to address the issue with the $ 62 .5 million for processors , as well as to make sure that the cerb is available for seasonal workers as well as people who had run out of their fishery ei , but they knew that more needs to be done . the fishery enterprises were uniquely structured , which was why they were looking at measures to address the concerns they had . because of the unique structure of fishing enterprises , they were not eligible for many of the supports they had put in place . they had made changes to the cerb to make sure that people who ran out of the fishers ei were eligible as well as seasonal workers .
the oil and gas industry was under severe strain . over the past number of years , they had seen tremendous pressure on the federal government from anti -oil and gas lobby groups demanding that the oil sands be shut down . the federal liberal government 's response to the anti -oil lobby was the introduction of the bill c -69 , which would prevent any major oil and gas projects from being developed in canada ; and the oil shipping ban , bill c -48 , for the northern coast of british columbia , which also had a negative effect on the oil industry . these two bills alone pushed over $ 200 billion of investment out of canada , causing the alberta economy to retract to recession levels . to compound alberta 's economic problems , we have an international oil price war and the covid -19 pandemic , which caused a huge drop in demand for oil .
this meeting was the eleventh evidence session on the children abolition of defense of reasonable publishment wales bill . barry hughes was there to answer questions related to the bill . six main topics that had been discussed or explained . the first one was how the bill protected the children in terms of prosecutions . the second part explained the divergence between regions and the bill 's implication on england . the third part explained how the law was implemented , and the fourth talked about prosecutions and potential alternatives . barry hughes then further explained our -of -court disposals and responded to a specific infrastructure for these cases . in the last part , the meeting turned to discuss a number of unintended consequences related to the bill .
barry hughes first stated that children had fewer rights than adults and therefore the law should be enforced to defend physical assault . as such social behavior was not available now , the law should change to reflect that . the discussion then turned to talk about the legal framework and its prosecution .
dawn bowden pointed out that there were a very small number of staff members working in the provision area , and the capacity for them to access professional training was limited . sharon davies agreed and added that though the situation had been bettered by the internet technology , there was still not much opportunity for the ones who desired to specialize in the area .
barry thought that the legal framework would make things clearer for parents and professionals . but when it came to prosecuting , there was a degree of confusion and some cases were in the grey areas .
the first stage was to check whether there was sufficient evidence submitted by the police to provide a realistic prospect of conviction . only if the first stage was satisfied , the second stage came to be considered , which was in the public interest .
barry hughes indicated that the bill would impact england and their people , although it needed a period . moreover , barry thought there was no cross -border issue from the potential legislation , and the draft changing to cps guidance would not be helpful for scrutinisers to decide on the law in wales .
barry hughes concluded two kinds of implications . first , the bill would raise awareness for people from england who travel to wales . second , people in other areas might reflect on this defense as they did to the drink driving limit in scotland .
barry hughes thought draft changes to cps guidance would not necessarily be helpful to the scrutinisers , and simply wanted to take the present interest factors . barry thought they needed to work for the principles of generality and a degree of specificity .
barry hughes introduced their cooperated organizations the national police chiefs ' council and their work on the out -of -court disposals . then , hughes and vikki howells talked about the possibility of creating a body of out -of -court disposals specific to the bill . lastly , there was a short discussion about the duty around awareness raising .
the national police chiefs ' council was responsible for developing the police approach to out -of -court disposals and simplifying the range of out -of -court disposals .
barry hughes thought that the infrastructure can be built for a range of out -of -court disposals . it might be built by the welsh government , the police , and crime commissioners .
barry hughes explained a number of unintended consequences questioned . the first one was about the isolated incidences in wales , and the second came to the targets in terms of performance measure . the following concerns included malicious reporting , the european convention on human rights , low numbers of prosecutions , and a shortage of registered intermediaries .
barry hughes stated that they did not have targets and only prosecuted with reasonable prospects . as for the police , there were no targets for the police anymore , except for some individuals .
there were more issues related to transport for eotas learners in the rural areas of wales . the distance that the learners had to cover was huge , for they had to get a provision in powys . however , wlga ( welsh local government association ) admitted that this issue had not been investigated yet would be in investigation very soon .
karen cornish thought it was a potential barrier but not a substantial barrier . the ministry of justice had taken action to deal with it and there had had a number of people in the positions . however , it was true that the work required larger recruitment .
the meeting discussed various topics such as data collection and updates on the german parser . they discussed xml modifications and future thoughts on the ontology . additionally , object representations will include an eva vector . this can be incorporated in the database entry for a particular building or inherited from the ontology of the building type . the actual number of the inputs can create a combinatorial explosion when setting the probabilities . in any case , further to fulfilling the basic requirements ( translating the parser and the generator into english ) , the project is entirely open -ended in terms of focus of research .
the actual number of the inputs in the bayes -net can create a combinatorial explosion when setting the probabilities . noisy -or 's can help avoid this by simplifying the probability tables and applying a deterministic function to produce their complete version .
object representations will include an eva vector . this can be incorporated in the database entry for a particular building or inherited from the ontology of the building type . as the project evolves , further enrichment of the ontology ( actions , linguistic features ) will be necessary .
as the data collection is about to begin , there are some minor changes to be done in the design of the experiment , the script and the permission forms . subjects can be recruited either from within the university or through other social circles .
the team wanted the data participants to minimize their contact with their data . they wanted them to sign a waiver first not to view the transcript by default only allowing them to view it .
the participants discussed results from the experiments that had been conducted . switching between tasks in the same language had smaller errors than multilingual models . the professor thought that increasing the parameters of the net for larger multi -lingual models would be helpful . the team decided that they should experiment further with different linguistic features . they also discussed how they could speed up their work by relying on greater computational resources .
using multiple languages led to more diversity which potentially hindered the model performance . the professor was skeptical about discussing the results since they had not received any good ones so far .
phd d explained that the multilingual model , trained on french , spanish , and english , was trained with higher frame rates . it has slightly poorer results when delta was not used . all in all , the addition of english did not seem to help the model .
the professor thought that the model did not get hurt that much because of the removal of english . he also thought it would be worthwhile to train on one language and test on another .
project manager invites teammates to brainstorm animal characteristics on remote control function and suggest a reflection on user experience to improve technical function design . price goal is 25 euro , profit aim is fifty million euro , and sales goal is four million . to summarize , the function design will be user -friendly and practical , in which the technical function will be portable phone based , hand -sized , light with limited but all -functioned buttons .
the team discussed the size of the neural net , which was just a simple net . at the time , it had 27 outputs , but the professor recommended that they use a larger net , with perhaps more features . they discussed the effect that removing silent frames could have on the model . the professor recommended having a bigger hidden layer , though he did not think that would substantially improve performance . currently , however , the team was facing computational limitations .
the team was concerned about the availability of computational resources . the professor informed them that they had received two 550 megahertz processors by ibm . though , they were originally expecting eight 800 megahertz processors .
the team talked about delays when discussing the removal of frames that were silent . this could possibly improve model performance at the cost of a small delay .
a pressing concern for the group is the darpa meeting in july , which is only a short time away , and for which they would like to have some progress . plp results for the front -end look good , with the group also reporting progress in segmentation : thilo 's segmenter will now be used and ways of improving performance investigated ; the classifier segmentation is progressing well , especially in the use of prosody for identifying interruption . work on the front end continues , with improvements of 3 -5 % being made .
a pressing concern for the group is the darpa meeting in july , which is only a short time away , and for which they would like to have some progress .
for the darpa meeting in july , the group proposed that they should have the question answering mock -up and transcriber interface ready for then , and also have data available .
the final english smartkom demo will be presented to the whole institute once the system is de -bugged and stabilised .
segmentation for the recogniser has been done by hand which the group consider ` ` cheating '' , instead now they want to use thilo 's automatic segmenter .
the classifier segmentation work is going well , but needs more data to improve results since non -native speaker data can not be used .
to improve the performance of thilo 's automatic segmenter , this is going to be retrained and adapted to run with thilo 's posteriors and speaker background models .
user interface and industrial designer drawn dolphin and pig , which the two animals have smart and easy -to -draw features . marketing suggested a horse and project manager thought they should design a remote control that 's water resistant , strong and furry . also he mentioned that remote control will be priced at 25 euros and aimed to earn a revenue of fifty million euros . therefore , project manager encouraged teammates to reflect on experience when designing its function and format .
this is the kick -off meeting of the new television remote control project . the team got acquainted with each other and project manager described the scope of the project . industrial designer claimed that he could support any practical ideas technically and proposed that they could make an interoperable remote control . user interface agreed and pointed out that people changed the state of the tv by pressing the button . then he proposed that people should be able to feel the buttons without having to look at them and the buttons should be visible in dark . in terms of the way to connect the remote control to the tv , industrial designer suggested that infrared could be substituted by bluetooth .
industrial designer proposed that a modern remote control should control a diverse subset of equipment . user interface agreed and revealed that the function of the remote control is to change the state of the tv , which could be realized by pressing the button .
user interface agreed with industrial designer and supposed that the remote control could be interoperable . that is to say , it could be a universal remote control that fits every device . he also revealed that the function of the remote control was to change the state of the tv and this could be realized by pressing the button .
industrial designer believed that a modern remote control should control a diverse subset of equipment . that means , one remote control should control one or more pieces of equipment .
industrial designer pointed out that infrared connection is old -fashioned so they should choose a novel one , such as bluetooth . project manager added that the device should be rechargeable and not consume too much power .
industrial designer proposed to change the way how the remote control and the tv communicate with each other as the infrared connection was not hot technical and suggested using bluetooth .
project manager believed that remote control should not consume too much power . therefore , as the cellphone would consume power very quickly when the bluetooth was on , user interface was concerned that it might be a problem .
this is the second meeting of the design group . project manager introduced new project requirements at first . the management required a remote control only for television and aimed at customers under 40 . in terms of user interface design , user interface focused on user -friendliness but still thought multi -function should be considered . industrial designer agreed and proposed to substitute voice recognition for the ten digits . he also suggested that they should use infrared so that the remote control could be connected with most tv sets . after that , in order to solve the problem of energy source , the team decided to include a cradle so that the remote control could be recharged .
user interface introduced a remote control easy to use and a multi -functional one and preferred the former as it was more user -friendly . industrial designer agreed and proposed that a stick or round button for volume control and channel selection could be used and also suggested that the ten digits could be substituted by voice recognition .
industrial designer thought the ten buttons looked a bit dull so speech recognition could be added to solve this problem . but he was concerned that power saving could be difficult when implementing speech recognition .
efforts will be made to ensure that recording conventions are consistent across icsi , the university of washington , and sri .
the initial feature suggested by marketing was easy to find and user interface suggested a call button on the television . and marketing wanted something that could vibrate or had a signal if it had no sound . however , they were not sure whether it is expensive to design it . so project manager suggested designing a magnet or portable phone based couch for the remote control , which people no need to walk over the tv to find it .
user interface found two kinds of remote controls : the multi -functional one and the one easy to use . he emphasized on user -friendliness , but considering that the target people were less than forty years old , multi -function should also be taken into account .
industrial designer introduced how the remote control worked and supposed that they should use infrared so that the remote control could communicate with most tv sets . he also proposed to use energy -friendly components and save the cost of circuit boards to develop elaborate lighting techniques . in order to prevent people from losing the remote control , the team decided to implement an audio signal . in terms of energy source , the team preferred to have a cradle so that the remote control could be recharged .
user interface proposed that a base station next to the tv could be a solution , but industrial designer pointed out that this could be technically complicated and would cost a lot . so the team eventually adopted marketing 's advice to implement an audio signal .
industrial designer proposed to incorporate a solar panel and rechargeable batteries , but project manager agreed more with marketing 's proposal to include a cradle .
the team mainly planned the remote control project down to the last detail in the final meeting . industrial designer presented the prototype as a clam -shell design with a flip -top lcd touch screen and fully closed flat buttons at the bottom . there would be a wide choice of colours and patterns due to customization . inside the remote control , there would be a standard chip and a kinetic battery . the team was under the budget at present . once the budget increased , however , the voice recognition would be incorporated . the remote control 's fashion style and location function were most highly rated among the team members , but the minimization of repetitive strain injury was not satisfying enough . all members gave their sincere feedback on teamwork and leadership .
marketing summarized the user requirements according to the market reports . users expected a fancy look , technological innovation , and minimization of repetitive strain injury . the team did a preliminary rating using a seven -point scale . the results were that the remote control 's fashion style and location function were most highly rated , but the team was not satisfied enough with the minimization of repetitive strain injury . the team agreed on further modifications to the current prototype .
marketing initially doubted that industrial designer was limited in the use of materials for the prototype , which would harm the fashion style . marketing was soon convinced by industrial designer , however , that the changeable faces would allow users to customize their remote controls . besides , the rubber case would give a spongy feel . marketing thus rated one point for industrial designer 's style design .
marketing considered the design of pointers unfeasible , for many users were prone to zap . project manager recommended the slight and small -sized buttons with more space in between . regretfully , the team failed to come up with a perfectly feasible solution to the problem . the team thus gave low rate points to the prototype 's minimization of repetitive strain injury .
the team calculated the cost of the remote control in the euro . the team included one regular chip , one kinetic cell , one double -curved bottom , one push button , one lcd screen , as well as rubber and plastic materials . the team decided to recommend voice recognition to business customers . once the budget increased , voice recognition would be incorporated . overall , the present cost was 12 .5 euros and was under the budget .
user interface recommended the standard batteries to replace the kinetic batteries and lower the cost . marketing was promised by user interface that the change in battery type would not make any big difference in shape and colours . however , marketing was still uncertain about the replacement . user interface further explained that users were used to paying little attention to batteries which were installed internally .
project manager asked if the remote control needed to be made larger to avoid losing it . at the first beginning , user interface suggested bigger , while project manager suggested a hand -sized device . considering the light feature and putting noise on it , user interface thought it would be feasible to make it mobile with a target price at 25 euros .
industrial designer implicated that if the kinetic batteries were replaced by the standard batteries , the voice recognition would have to be taken away as well . project manager , therefore , made a compromise that the team might provide the voice recognition in an upgraded version for the business class who expected high office specifications .
in this meeting , the speakers addressed issues that related to their meeting annotation progress . they talked about the types and variability of the future meetings . this led to them speaking about how to use their recording equipment if they got groups outside of their own departments to record meetings . additionally , they discussed how to handle the storage of meetings on disk . they eventually address how to handle speech overlap and speaker anonymity , which were two crucial issues .
phd f wanted the group to record different meetings with the same group to help in tasks such as summarization , the professor d however , wanted random meeting participants to have diversity that would be instrumental in acoustical research .
postdoc e was championing the need to get proficient english speakers so as to allow for a stable language model . this did not mean limiting the type of accents that the speakers had but rather ensuring the speakers could proficiently follow the english grammar when they expressed themselves .
mode would invovle the mode of transportation while the endpoint would be the final destiniation . the team did not clarify what the endpoint would be in some of the edge cases such as crossing the bridge .
the group wanted to introduce portable equipment so as to get more meetings from different groups . however , this was challenged by the complexity of setting up the recording equipment .
grad b said that archiving of the data by creating a clone had been done , though it took eleven hours . however , grad b commented that accessing the data would be much faster . this archiving had freed ten gigabytes of free space . additionally , two copies would be made : one offisite , another onsite .
professor d said they would be getting another disk rack that would bring in four thirty -six gigabyte disks , increasing the space . additionally , the directories of aurora data , carmen ’ s data and spine were likely to be moved .
the meeting began with the project manager announcing the task and the agenda . the group should design an original , trendy , and user -friendly remote control through the following meetings . first of all , they did a brief equipment testing on their laptops , the pens , and the whiteboard to ensure they would work . then getting to the main point of this meeting , the group talked about the budget and reached the agreement that it had to be a universal remote control with such a high price . the group also discussed the functions , the shape and other external design of the remote design , as well as drawing them down as a conceptual draft .
in order to make a satisfying profit , the group had to set their price at 25 euros , which was relatively high . for fear that the higher price would lead to fewer consumers , they decided to make it a universal remote control , being able to function on different tvs . the group also planned to add a touchscreen onto the remote control and even include some games for children . what ’ s more , they paid some attention to the energy source , whether it should be a rechargeable one or just use normal batteries .
since user interface initially suggested less button feature on the remote control , so project manager suggested a telly screen like what phones have . and user interface mentioned about the master control in electronic houses . however , user interface thought it is a bit expensive to create this feature , but marketing mentioned the similar screen in phones is in the acceptable cost range . so , project manager agreed and suggested further discussion in the coming meeting .
when discussing the remote control , the group tried to set the price at 25 euros , which was relatively high , at least compared to the existing ones . for fear that such a high price would lose their potential consumers , the project manager decided to aim their product at a universal one . according to the project manager , only by making it a universal remote control and adding other unique characters could it attract more consumers , then eventually reaching their profit expectation .
when discussing adding several advanced techniques onto the remote control to make it more unique , the industrial design put forward to using the touchscreen . notwithstanding the merits of the touchscreen , for instance , a touch screen would make the remote control easier and smaller , the marketing did not agree to do so just because in that case they would be beyond the budget .
when discussing the conceptual design of the remote control , the group noticed that the energy source was also a problem worth concern . the industrial design proposed to make it rechargeable at first , but because of their limited budget , he had to change his idea . the industrial design then put forward to setting a station at home or perhaps just using normal batteries to run the remote control , both of which would be feasible .
the user interface drew a draft for the group to get a more direct idea about the button layout . through a brief discussion , they agreed that as long as they made the button clear enough to be recognized , it would not matter much where the exact button was . the group also thought about a remote control which was able to be folded , in order to test if it would be strong enough to stand hit .
when discussing the button layout , the user interface drew a draft to show how to make the remote control more unique and attractive . he suggested to put several essential and useful buttons together in the same place , and others might be scattered on the remote control , on all of which there would be clear logos . as long as the button layout was user -friendly enough , the user interface thought it did not really matter much where the buttons would be .
this was a functional design meeting . based on the presentations of the user interface designer , the industrial designer and the marketing expert , the project manager concluded that the new remote control should be powerful , easy to use , fashionable , recognizable , only for television and internet -connected . after discussing the industrial design of the product , the group reached the agreement to design an infrared -based controller with less buttons but whether the product would be wireless was still unsolved . as for the product appearance , the group decided to make the product look fancy and recognizable ; nevertheless , they had different opinions on the colour of the product .
based on the presentations of the user interface designer , the industrial designer and the marketing expert which were about the product requirements , the project manager concluded that the new remote control should be powerful , easy to use , fashionable , recognizable and only for television . furthermore , the remote control should use the internet rather than teletext due to the spread of the internet .
the user interface designer recommended to design a google tv controller because google was very successful for its powerful functions and friendly user interface . also , to make the customers able to use the product without learning the manual , the industrial designer suggested applying some international standards such as some pictograms .
the industrial designer expressed concern about how to connect tv to the internet and the user interface designer said a set box would enable tv to surf the internet . however , the technology was not very popular , which might be an obstacle for global usage of the product .
the group reached the agreement to design an infrared -based controller because it was cheaper than a laser . secondly , the industrial designer preferred a wireless remote control as it was easier to manage but the suggestion was doubted by the marketing and the project manager considering the cost and user requirements . another thing was about the buttons . the marketing advised having less buttons because only ten percent of the buttons were actually in use and people tended to zap a lot .
user interface reiterated that the remote control should have a robust and water resistant function . marketing also mentioned a good tactile feel for the remote control function , which does n't make hand sweat a lot . therefore , project manager suggested a clip feature on the remote control so that people can clip it to their device .
firstly , the industrial designer said the wireless technology would cost 8 euros which was higher than the manager 's expectation . secondly , whether the users would like to have a wireless control or not was unknown and the marketing would go to figure it out . finally , having a link between the remote control and the television would prevent control from losing .
the industrial designer recommended mixing several functions in one button by having a switch menu . for example , the category the functions into several classes and link switch menu to this kind of this category of functions .
based on earlier experiments and questionnaires , the marketing found that seventy -five percent of the users thought most remote controls ugly . thus , the group decided to make the product look fancy so that people would pay more . however , how to make remote control look fancy was a big problem because different people have different opinions about fancy . what 's more , the project manager thought the product should be recognizable and attractive .
they thought in order to make the product look fancy , the product should have many colours instead of having one grey standard to meet different customers ' needs .
the project manager agreed that the product should be good -looking but having many colours was n't a good idea because it would increase the product cost . also , the project manager thought the remote control should be marked with the image of the society so that one can recognize it at a glance .
project manager initiated the meeting topic on the detailed design . specifically , the prototype presentation was given by industrial designer , and calculation on each evaluation criteria was led by marketing . next , group members discussed changing aspects of the remote . finally , they decided on changing the shape , instead of batteries . then , project manager had a discussion on the process of the project with other teammates , including room for creativity , leadership , and convenience of materials . the group decided to write a final report in the end .
there were two main parts in the detailed design . firstly , the prototype presentation , industrial designer presented the design on the wheel , the button , and the base of the remote control . secondly , marketing presented eleven points to be evaluated based on the findings in marketing trend reports and company strategy marketing . besides , the group had a point calculation on each evaluation criterion .
project manager suggested that the group might need to discuss changing an aspect of the remote . according to the previous evaluation , the worst one was material . thus , the group gave suggestions on the smallish size , smashed or resembled fruit shape , and printed patterns on rubber design . the group also suggested changing batteries , but they ended up agreeing that there were no problems in battery design .
firstly , project manager asked about the room for creativity in fruit and squishiness . user interface thought the prototype making was creatively stimulating and the product has met all the criteria . next , project manager reflected on his leadership and management role in the group . other members gave recognition to his performance and everyone 's cooperation . then , project manager asked about the convenience of the means for the materials and the pen used in the presentation . group evaluated based on the user -friendly and the working efficiency .
instead of changing the shape of the remote , the group first discussed changing the batteries because some group mates gave a point under three . however , marketing thought batteries were easy to insert so it would not be a problem anymore . in addition , all the group members gave the shape of the remote only two points . and they needed to change the most critical one . the shape and the squishiness of the remote were an innovation in terms of technology . therefore , they all agreed to change the shape .
the selling price goal is 25 euros and profit aim is fifty million euros . selling target is four million and the profit goal is fifty percent . so project manager mentioned that the group hopes to sell the remote control device internationally , instead of in scotland or some european country .
project manager thought his leadership was crap personally and he never did a management position . while industrial designer thought project manager did tell them when to start and when to end , which was important in good leadership . and user interface thought project manager did a good job in leadership because they did n't have set roles so much , which was a democratic process . marketing supplemented that everyone got blended quite well .
both user interface and industrial designer thought it was not helpful to use powerpoint to present . instead , they preferred writing notes for massive information , while marketing and project manager thought powerpoint materials were quite useful . specifically , project manager mentioned that he felt ignorant when the group was explaining things .
the meeting between the children , young people and education committee and the welsh government was considered as an evidence session to scrutinise the welsh government 's progress in developing the new curriculum for wales . to start with , kirsty williams am introduced the current feedback and emphasized that there was a concerted effort and a plan drawn up to try and ensure that there was as much engagement , knowledge and opportunity as possible in the new curriculum . also , the spirit of co -construction was also included and the four purposes would ensure the legitimacy of changes . besides , 'what matters ' were the articulation of the big ideas and although there were significant differences between each sector , they act following the same guidance . lastly , kirsty williams am assured the meeting that human rights and financial resources were considered in the new curriculum .
kirsty williams am introduced that first of all , the four purposes would be set out in the legislation—as well as putting in learning and experience . second , the government also intended to legislate for a number of the cross -curricular aspects like literacy , the numeracy and the digital competency . third , a statutory provision for the 'what matters ' statements would also be included .
kirsty williams am explained that the area of learning and experience for well -being was already there , and what would be included was the things that matter in the area of learning , and it was going to be put into the legislation . lynne neagle am added that every school would have to teach mental health by law since the 'what matters ' referred to both physical and mental health , and the government intended to legislate to ensure that the 'what matters ' statements were a set given in the system .
the 'what matters ' was the articulation of the big ideas and it was to make sure that essence of the core content was consistent . the actual wording of the 'what matters ' statements would be in the secondary legislation . at that time , the need to deliver and the legal requirement to deliver the 'what matters ' statement would be on the face of the bill . as a result , mental health would be put in an important place .
kirsty williams am suggested that welsh government had always been big supporters of wiserd ( walesinstitute of social and economic research , data and methods ) . more research into welsh education would always be needed . as a government , all aspects of concerns of welsh education should be taken into consideration as the government was planning the new curriculum . for instance , empowering teachers to be able to be more flexible in what they teached their children actually gave the government an opportunity to deliver lessons that could be much more engaging and much more relevant to some of the school children than what they had at the moment .
hefin david am introduced that the wiserd research suggested that the senior management teams and classroom teachers would share different views towards the change since classroom teachers would be more sceptical . kirsty williams am explained that classroom teachers were absolutely crucial to this , as a result , difficult step had been taken to delay the implementation of the curriculum to same some amount of time to make sure that it was not just school leaders but individual classroom practitioners who had the skills that they would need to make the most of the opportunity that the curriculum allowed them . to ensure this process , different accountability frameworks to the aims and objectives of the new curriculum would be incorporated .
hefin david am asked about what lessons could be learned from the introduction of the scotish curriculum . kirsty williams am explained some of the challenges that they had faced in introducing their curriculum , including assessment and content , which had been a crucial part of the process . also , professional learning , ensuring that the profession was properly prepared for the changes was an alert to the welsh government . steve davies added that one of the critical elements was the extent to which assessment was considered at the outset alongside the curriculum content and it could be a fit for the new curriculum .
to answer dawn bowden am 's question , kirsty williams am first indicated that the money was not an insignificant amount but the largest investment in professional learning since the history of devolution . the money was being made available to each and every school and had empowered head teachers to think about the professional needs of the school and the practitioners in the school . also it was aimed at a national level , but to start with , schools would be assessed individually .
this is the fourth meeting of the design group . the group firstly introduced a prototype which contained the characteristics determined at the last meeting . then project manager pointed out that since the production costs were over budget , they should reduce costs by leaving out solar cells , not using voice recognition and changing the button material into plastics . then the group went through the evaluation criteria of the product . they thought the remote control should be fancy , innovative , easy to use , easy to find and spongy and evaluated the prototype with these criteria . when evaluating the project , the group considered that it was tempered by the choice of components and the price . eventually , the group decided to redesign the product .
the money that was agreed was for a two -year period and continuously , cooperation with the minister for finance and the first minister around future allocations for professional learning would be included to campaign for more money allocated specifically beyond the two years .
kirsty williams am pointed out that all schools that had previously been pioneers were invited to apply to morph into innovation schools , as the next phase . there would be both a downside and an upside for the programme of innovation schools . at this stage , it should be better to move away from the original 's am concluded that pioneers were looking at specific aspects of the curriculum . in this case , school with a specific aspect of strength should be encouraged to apply .
kirsty williams am explained that children 's rights and human rights had been key considerations throughout the design , and this was currently set out in overarching guidance and the government continued to work with the children 's commissioner 's office to map the rights of the child across each area of learning and experience . and initial assessment from the children 's commissioner 's office had demonstrated that what was proposed in the new curriculum was a big stepforward . also , the current existing output of that engagement and feedback had been drawn together into a report exploring learners ' views about schools and learning , which was certainly a powerful contribution .
sian gwenllian am pointed out that the learned society of wales had said that there should be a directory of resources to implement that welsh dimension . kirsty williams am introduced that there was a separate programme of work that was looking at resources needed to support the curriculum and it certainly would be a must .
kirsty williams am suggested that it was really important that whatever resources there were to support the welsh dimensionare in a broad level and not confined to specific areas . regardless of the type of schools , attention to the welsh language should always be included . however , there might be change towards this implementation this year and it was unclear whether it would be discussed by different sectors .
the team was coming close to finalizing the model for aurora . they were still trying to make some improvements to improve their score . the team began with a discussion about how reverberation could be better accounted for . the professor thought that experimenting with different filters could help achieve a better signal -to -noise ratio . the new system for estimating silence probabilities that the team had added to the model was very effective , but it created a 220ms latency in the vad . the team was not sure what kinds of constraints would be placed on latency eventually . they wanted to play it safe . the models , over all , were performing well , though the team intended to keep improving them . the team was also trying to figure out how to deal with different kinds of background noise . the meeting ended with a discussion of logistical issues .
adding the neural net was doubling the number of deletions . the model did not improve significantly , however , thought it became better at some tasks . the results were a mixed basket and it was decided that further experimentation was necessary .
the professor was interested in knowing what impact the neural net had in the older models which did not have pure features . the professor believed it was worthwhile to improve the net , though he also expressed that nets were occasionally over used .
the team thought that the most noisy cases were the distant microphone testing . that is when there were non -stationary noises in the background , like from a car , a babble or subway . these presented a unique challenge for the model that could potentially be best solved with a neural net .
the vad neural net had twelve times nine inputs and two outputs . the system had improved significantly . it added some latency but the team could potentially run it in parallel .
the group thought the remote control should be fancy , innovative , easy to use , easy to find and spongy and evaluated the prototype with these criteria . although they had brilliant ideas and designed a best remote control within their capacity , they just designed a product of high quality but low acceptance .
the professor wanted to know how much latency the vad was adding to the model . the professor thought that the process could work in parallel . the professor informed the team that the max latency was unknown .
phd c explained that the silence probabilities had a 100ms delay , the delta at the input had a 40ms delay , and a 10ms delay was created by lda filters .
the meeting covered the issues with different kinds of mics , progress on the aurora project , effectiveness of spectral subtraction , adding parameter to spectral coefficient , and studying energy in the data , along with a short discussion on student housing . the team thought that the lda was doing well for the aurora project , where the team had made good progress . the linear normalization was not as good . for spectral subtraction , the team discussed recreating data with fft of combining the weiner filtering with the signal subspace . the team had not made much progress on using spectral coefficients for voice -unvoice . the current approach was to study the variance , so other ideas were suggested . the meeting ended with a short discussion on student housing and a graduate student 's interest in studying energy .
the professor pointed out that the lapel microphones were too close , so they were not good representative microphones . there was strong agreement that mics capture breath and other non -voice sounds since they were common .
phd f explained that he mistakenly had run his tasks on all the available compute instances . there was not enough computational resources going around . new computers were coming soon , but people would have to learn to share until then . it was important not to saturate computational resources . he also told the team how to properly queue tasks .
the professor recalled that at a workshop at hopkins or rutgers , twenty -five participants were running their tasks on twenty -five machines . things would have been better if they ran tasks on their own machine . he was adding to phd f 's remarks on students in the team doing a similar thing .
the team was doing spectral subtraction with both scaling and ggt bins . there were pros and cons to both approaches . the professor suggested a simple spectral subtraction followed by a kl transformation . he also suggested using jrastra 's technique which relied on adding some noise to get rid of noise . the team also suggested vts techniques .
phd d brought up a vts technique to do voice -unvoice which was developed by jose carlos segura , who is a person from grenada . the professor did not know him , but the inspiration for the vts had come from cmu .
the professor could not see the advantage in combining the wiener filter and the subspace . he later understood it would be a simple spectral subtraction , followed by a kl transform , followed by a wiener filter .
this was a meeting on the detailed design . first , the user interface designer presented a prototype to show the basic colour and shape of the product . next , the marketing suggested doing some product evaluation instead of just talking about it , so the group started to judge the design in three aspects : how fancy , technologically innovative , and easy -to -use the remote control was . it got three , two , and four in separate aspects , which meant the design was acceptable . later , the group discussed the quotation and made some decisions on details of industrial design to make sure the cost was within the budget . furthermore , they came up with some new ideas about future products , such as a fruit collection of electronic devices or a customizable tv that followed the trend and people 's moods . finally , the group named the product as pineapple remote control .
user interface believed that voice recognition was hard to learn while industrial designer argued that the remote control had two parts and everyone could use the basic part . he also pointed out that an advanced user would like to explore additional functions .
the user interface designer put forward that the basic colour would be red and yellow and there would be two basic shapes - circle and triangle , which was called a mushroom design . specifically , the prototype had 3 key features - a fuzzy look , a spherical channel selection and a stable triangle base . however , the marketing thought mushroom was not in the trends so the group decided to change it into a pineapple .
because yellow was their company colour and red was more attractive , which met the product requirement that the remote control should have a fancy look to attract the customers .
in the user interface designer 's design , the shape of the product and the buttons were all mushrooms , but the marketing thought mushroom was not in the trends because mushroom was neither a vegetable nor a fruit .
the marketing suggested measuring how good the design was instead of just talking about it so the group started to judge the design in three aspects on a scale of one to seven , one being true and seven being false . the criterion was how fancy , technologically innovative , and easy -to -use the remote control was and it got three , two , and four in separate aspects , which meant it was acceptable .
the controller had an embedded microphone array which could recognise simple vocal commands and the four microphones could capture voice from different directions . it also had tactile buttons , which was a really good point .
the user interface designer thought it was easier than a traditional controller because you did n't have to press a button , just turn the ball to a certain angle to select channels . however , the marketing and the industrial designer thought it was quite difficult because users did n't know the angle was the correct one and they had to go through all the channels if they wanted to jump from channel one to twenty .
the group decided that the product would have a low level chip , one button with lcd , a scroll wheel with a push button on it , a battery in the base , a single curve , and solar cells and it would be plastic instead of wooden so that the costs were 12 .5 euros which was within the budget . furthermore , they came up with some new ideas about future products , such as a fruit collection of electronic devices or a customizable tv that followed the trend and people 's moods .
although solar cell was the most expensive part of the whole product , it still played a crucial role in making the controller technologically innovative . plus , it would be interesting for their marketing team to make a lot of advertisements to sell it .
the marketing thought they should not trust too much the trend because it would n't last long - fruits and vegetables were in fashion this year but maybe next year it would be insects . however , the industrial designer believed it was good to follow the flow now and then since electronic devices were not long life products : if people changed , the product appearance should change as well .
marketing thought that the basic layout was mundane but the voice recognition was brilliant . user interface added that it did not have the digits but had all the features a normal remote control had . industrial designer agreed but pointed out that they just design the best product within their capacity . project agreed and concluded that it was of high quality but low acceptance .
project manager revealed that it would cost 22 euros at current standards so they should leave out some characteristics that could not add much value . since it could be dull and simple without those characteristics , the group supposed that the selling price could be raised to 50 euros .
approximately 32 -35 hours of meeting data have been recorded , roughly 30 hours of which comprise non -digits recordings . the transcribers have begun performing digit extraction ( see abstract for bmr013 ) and should be finished within a few days . approximately 11 hours of speech have been transcribed .
project manager revealed that it would be over budget so they had to make some changes . he proposed to reduce costs by leaving out solar cells and not using voice recognition . then user interface supposed that the buttons could be made of plastics and industrial designer proposed to make the remote control straight and simple .
since the prototype was over budget , industrial designer proposed to raise the selling price to 50 euros . he thought it was not very expensive for a remote control that had this functionality .
after a brief summary of the last meeting , the team discussed the conceptual design for new remote control , which covered the properties , materials , user interface and trend watching . marketing shared feedback about the design of the device . industrial designer gave a presentation on the design and availability of actual components , whereas user interface led the discussion about customer needs and feasibility on design and competitors ' study . a final decision was reached regarding the design of the remote control such as using kinetic charging and a rubber cover .
kinetic charging will be adopted with lcd display on the top side of the flip top and rubberized buttons , such as volume control and channel control on the bottom . two separate circuit boards will be joined by wires for standard and complex buttons respectively . fruit and vegetable colours , such as chilli red or tomato red will be used for the rubber cover and the case will be plastic . the company logo will be incorporated into the design . the team hoped to incorporate voice recognition but financial feasibility will have to be checked and whistles or beepers could be used if not feasible .
teletext will not be used and there will not be a control for everything . the buttons should be easy to find . the image of the company is to be incorporated in the design and a flip design is decided . voice recognition is left out . the shape of the remote will be different than normal , like a shell or something along those lines . an alarm will be added in case the remote is lost . the target market will be young business people .
market research was done with a hundred subjects and marketing concluded the most important aspect required in the device is a fancy look and feel . the second and third important aspects are technologically innovative and being easy to use . fruits and vegetables can be taken into consideration when thinking about design themes as they were the themes of fashion fairs in paris and milan . there is also a trend towards a spongy feel to materials .
industrial designer explained that ta11835 is a chip used in pretty much every remote control to send out standard signals based on the input . on the other hand , most current remotes use a silicone printed circuit board ( pcb board ) which connects the circuits so that the messages would be sent to the chip . the size should be decided as the board can be custom made .
standard aa and aaa are bulky but the cheapest . dynamo and dual charging with normal batteries and solar charging take up too much space . solar charging is the second cheapest but not resistant to dropping . also , project manager believed it would limit the market . kinetic charging is small and portable but market research should be done first . no rechargeable battery options were available . the remote could have a standby mode and the lights behind the buttons would be switched off after five or ten seconds when not in use .
titanium is too expensive , would be easily dented and could only do a standard box shape whereas plastic could be made into different curved shapes . marketing suggested making the basic mould out of plastic with a rubber cover , which would give a spongy feel and be a cheap way to change the look of the device . industrial designer , user interface and project manager quickly jumped on board with this idea .
the team planned to do touch screen and there are two options to choose from , a bare pcb circuit board which could be in different colours and making a connection by the touch of fingers , and anti rsi rubber buttons with a lcd type of screen . industrial designer doubted whether a lcd screen is wanted as it would only be in black and white but have not thought out how to distinguish where to press if the bare pcb circuit board is used .
efforts by speaker fe008 are in progress to ensure that transcripts are clean ( i .e . spell checked ) , channelized , and conform to set conventions regarding the coding of numbers , acronyms , and explicit comments ( e .g . door slams , coughs , and laughter ) . subsequent efforts by speaker fe008 will be to tighten up boundaries on the time bins . inter -annotator agreement was reported to be very good . speaker mn014 's multi -channel speech /non -speech segmenter is in use .
industrial designer thought it would be lost easily and marketing responded that it would be easy and cheap to replace or a pencil or pen could be used instead . user interface pointed out that a person who switches channels often or uses a particular function will find it irritating to use and might spoil the touchpad more easily compared to a button . industrial designer agreed with user interface .
project manager believed that it would not appeal to men as they were unlikely to use it when watching television . marketing responded by leaving this idea on the side , and industrial designer and project manager agreed . in the end , marketing gave up on the idea .
the chip ta11835 and pcb board will be used in the device . the use of kinetic charging was agreed by the team with a standby mode to save battery . the case of the device would be in plastic and would have a changeable rubber cover . lcd screens will be adopted . the idea of adding a stylus or a mirror to the device was rejected .
mostly black and white colours , the normal ones are monotonous without consistency between models , and the buttons are very disorganized . the new remote will have a graphic user interface in the middle of the flip top and certain standard buttons with vibrant fruit colours . a newly developed speech recognition feature can be incorporated in the device and the idea was endorsed by customers . user interface gave an example of using the feature - locating the remote . the idea was well -received by the team .
industrial designer said that it would be cheaper to re -manufacture if these parts were already in stock . project manager pointed out that the other materials used were relatively cheap and simple . though the lcd would be expensive , it would be cheaper with black and white than full colour so user interface suggested that they could start off with black and white and upgrade later .
the meeting started with the tabling of documents , followed by petitions by various members of the house . the petitions included help for groups such as environment -protecting groups seeking assistance from the government . the meeting then transitioned to statements by its members regarding the current successes and failures of their constituents . finally , members got to question the ministers on various issues such as scrutiny on spending and providing assistance , financial or otherwise , to groups affected by covid -19 .
several members expressed their gratitude towards various groups such as first responders , working populations and different companies that have come together to help with the covid crisis . students whose education had undergone a radical change were highlighted and their fortitude appreciated . there was also a call to rally for disenfranchised groups such as rural residents , black lives movement and non -binary persons .
the liberal of government was accused of not allowing for adequate scrutiny of their spending . the prime minister was accused of locking down parliament to avoid accountability , refusing to hold a first ministers meeting and refusing to negotiate to pass a bill .
members advocated for aboriginals who faced police brutality , students for their disrupted education , indigenous and rural residents for lack of access to the internet and the black lives movement .
the prime minister was quizzed on why he was n't providing the money to allow the auditor general to conduct audits on the government 's spending . the prime minister responded as to having increased the budget of the auditor general 's budget the previous year . the response was deemed unsatisfactory by the questioning party .
the meeting was mainly about the reasons behind and the measurements against the increasing exclusions from school . the increase brought more pressure to eotas in the aspects of finance , transition , curriculum arrangement and the recruitment of professional staff . although much time and finance had been devoted to the pru , the education quality could still not be assured . the collaboration between the pru and the schools required to be strengthened . besides , training for special education ought to be included in teachers ' colleges to meet eotas learners ' special needs . their psychological health was another concerning problem .
members quizzed the prime minister on what would happen to the cerb as many of their constituents were depending on it . they stressed for urgency and clarifications for when it would be provided to allow for the affected population to plan for the future . many people depended on cerb for their living .
a committee member repeatedly asked why a gba + analysis was not conducted on the covid -19 relief programs since this would have prevented rolling out inadequate programs for women . the quizzed party responded by pointing out to their successful efforts with some of the women and stressing that women were at the core of their decision making .
the meeting , which was held at the early stage of the project , focused on the product features and work division . project manager proposed that the remote control had to be imaginative , trendy , user -friendly and international . besides , the production cost should be no more than 12 .5 euros . in terms of the price , all members agreed that 25 euros would be reasonable . they also clarified each person 's duty . in the time remaining , the members did some tool training by drawing their favourite animals on the whiteboard .
the remote control had to be original , trendy , easy to use , international and not too expensive .
because it would be sold in the entire world and everyone would use it .
the remote control would be priced at 25 euros and the product cost would be no more than 12 .5 euros .
project manager would manage the whole group . industrial designer would think of the functions of the product . user interface designer would concentrate on the users ' requirement and the relation between the users and the remote control . marketing would give interface designer and industrial designer some trends about what should be done and what the users would like to have .
industrial designer thought user interface designer 's job was to focus on the relation between the users and the remote control and decide how the object looks – for example , where the button would be .
industrial designer would design the functions and figure out the industrial way to implement it while the user interface designer 's job was to decide how the object looked . in short , the two were like the inside and the outside .
the group discussed the first version of the bayes -net used to work out a user 's intentions when asking for directions from a navigation device . three intentions were identified : vista ( to view ) , enter ( to visit ) and tango ( to approach ) . the structure of the belief -net comprises , firstly , a feature layer , which includes linguistic , discourse and world knowledge information that can be gleaned from the data . it is possible for these variables to form thematic clusters ( eg ` ` entrance '' , ` ` type of object '' , ` ` verb '' ) , each one with a separate middle layer . at this stage , all the actual probabilities are ad -hoc and hand -coded . however , there has been progress in the design and organisation of experiments , that will eventually provide data more useful and appropriate for this task .
the committee admitted that the funding issues brought more pressure on schools , especially after the new act , for they would have to spend more in the light of it . it was pointed out that the government had not noticed the staff in the pru , who required training . the committee was trying to communicate with estyn and the welsh government for a broader range of measures to provide opportunities for schools and local authorities .
it is necessary for the belief -net to have at least one layer of nodes between the features and the final output . this makes the structure more flexible in terms of coding feature -layer probabilities .
the next stage is to refine the set of feature nodes and identify possible clusters . although , in theory , traditional ai plan recognition techniques could also be helpful for inferring intentions , the schemas involved are too elaborate for this task .
there was a demonstration of the structure and the function of a toy version of the belief -net for the intentionality task . the features nodes include things like prosody , discourse , verb choice , ` ` landmark -iness '' of a building , time of day and whether the admission fee was discussed .
the values these nodes take feed into the middle layer nodes identified as hidden variables of the user /device interaction , such as whether the user is on tour , running an errand or in a hurry . these , in turn , help infer whether the user wants to see , enter or simply approach a building .
smartkom , although it does not code for intentions as specified in this task , provides a model of the discourse , which can be useful for the detection of features through querying and anaphora resolution .
experiments for the collection of new data will start soon , since someone who will recruit subjects and help run the experiments has already been hired and the designing of the experiments has also progressed significantly .
this meeting was about the functional design of the remote control . firstly , marketing gave a presentation on functional requirements . group decided to focus on the fancy and fashionable look , usability , and different colors . next , user interface gave a presentation on the technical function design . also , the group discussed this topic , and they decided to design the menu buttons of the remote similar to the mobile phone . then , industrial designer gave a presentation on the working design . group mates discussed deciding on the use of led light on the buttons to indicate the transmitting of the morse code when pressing the button . they also decided to use a more intelligent chip than the standard one when the circuit was closed , it would produce the pattern . for the age group , they would target the age group below forty since it was a young market .
marketing gave some suggestions on the remote functional requirements based on marketing reports , which included a fancy look of the remote control , ease of use for elderly people , a button on the home station to trace its position , and speech recognition . so finally , the group mates suggested the usability and the color of the remote control based on marketing 's presentation .
when marketing mentioned that their target group should be both young people and people above forty who were not keen on new features , marketing thought it would be too expensive to have the speech recognition and not reachable for twenty -five euros . also , marketing suggested a dvd player , stereo , and vcr for television .
when marketing mentioned that they should make a new product that looked fancy , fashionable , and was easy to use for elderly users , user interface suggested making sure that the remote control had better usability and could stand out by just being watched . also , marketing suggested a different color or different shape .
david hopkins agreed with sharon davies that the new act would exert more pressure on schools . however , he denied that the levels of the delegation would have any impact . meanwhile , he suggested that it would be better for the schools ' headmasters and local authorities to look at the new act more constructively , for it would be beneficial for the post -16 sector .
firstly , user interface suggested the group should stand up with a unique design like different shapes than usual . user interface also suggested a new option for favorite channels and a menu button that could integrate with volume , the previous and next buttons . the group agreed to make the remote a bit smaller and would like to look at mobile phones when designing it .
this is the third meeting of the design group . at first , marketing revealed that ease of use , innovation and a fancy look and feel could be important to customers and the team discussed what colour and material they should use . then industrial designer introduced three casing possibilities : uncurved , single -curved and double -curved . next , the team talked about whether to use kinetic energy supply as an energy source . in terms of user interface controls , industrial designer proposed to add a scroll -wheel that could be integrated with buttons . finally , the team summed up their decisions and project manager asked user interface designer to create a prototype next .
the team decided to make a single -curved remote control with colourful rubber . it would be powered by traditional batteries and solar . they would also add a scroll -wheel with some additional buttons . in addition , corporate identity should be embodied so the colours could be black and yellow . as they decided not to use an lcd display , a regular chip would be selected .
marketing revealed that the younger target group preferred colourful objects and soft material . project manager agreed and added that the remote control should be light and not too slippery . then industrial designer introduced three casing possibilities : uncurved , single -curved and double -curved . considering that uncurved design could be too dull and double -curved design would make it difficult to use scroll -wheels , the team chose the single -curved design .
industrial designer supposed that natural feeling could be a factor . marketing agreed and revealed that the younger target group preferred soft material but not necessarily a real sponge . then user interface proposed to use rubber , which was agreed by the whole team .
industrial designer introduced uncurved , single -curved and double -curved design at first . user interface and project manager thought that uncurved design was too dull and industrial designer pointed out that double -curved design would make it impossible to use scroll -wheels , so the team selected single -curved design eventually .
industrial designer proposed to use scroll -wheels , which could be integrated with buttons . user interface doubted its practicability and then project manager proposed to integrate a scroll -bar on the side to mute the device . as they would not use an lcd display , a regular chip was enough .
industrial designer proposed to use scroll -wheels integrated with buttons . user interface doubted its practicability and supposed that a round button with four directions could be better . but project manager liked the idea of scroll -wheels as it might attract young customers and suggested that they could be used to mute the device .
industrial manager revealed that if lcd was used , they had to choose advanced chips . project manager thought it was within the budget and lcd displays could add extra high -tech feeling . user interface then pointed out that they already had too many high -tech substances including scroll -wheels , voice recognition and a fancy look so they did n't need to use lcd displays .
the team mainly made some adjustments to the remote control design to meet the new project requirements . the second meeting started with project manager who briefly went over the last meeting . industrial designer hoped to minimize the size of the battery . the team thus decided on a rechargeable one . user interface desired to simplify the remote control style , cutting down unnecessary functions . according to the market research presented by marketing , the team agreed on a trendy and user -friendly flip -top design . an alarm would be incorporated for detection in case the remote control was lost in the house .
david hopkins did not think that the delegation levels were not high enough in most authority areas . instead , he thought they had got agreements with the government to make sure that enough money was devolved to school . the true decisive factor was the narrow measure at the end of stage 4 that drove the headmasters to exclude students or put them into another school .
on battery issue , industrial designer expressed a desire to minimize the size of the battery . meanwhile , cost , power consumption , wireless range and data transmission were supposed to be considered . user interface 's presentation followed . the remote control design would be simplified and user -friendly . to make the style more trendy , user interface decided on a flip -top model .
industrial designer admitted that current remote controls were mostly powered by triple a batteries . however , industrial designer also pointed out that they were bulky , although they had been the smallest fit -in batteries at present . industrial designer expressed a desire to find a smaller alternative for triple a batteries .
the market research presented by marketing implicated that the remote control design was expected to be more stylish and less complicated . project manager added that an ideal model would be for tv only and have a corporate logo incorporated . to meet the requirements above , industrial designer recommended a touch screen panel . marketing suggested that the remote control size could be adjusted due to physical differences among international users . the team gave up speech recognition , for it would cost a lot . an alarm would be incorporated for detection in case the remote control was lost in the house .
the market research implicated that users ' biggest frustration was their failure in finding the remote control once it was lost in the house . to solve the problem , industrial designer suggested that a button could be added on the tv ; when the user pressed the button , the remote control would beep to let the user know its location . meanwhile , such a solution would be within budget .
industrial designer was inspired by the design of xbox and gave an example of japanese people 's small hands compared to the big controller . out of ergonomic considerations , industrial designer encouraged the team to notice the physical differences among users all over the world when deciding the remote control size .
overall , the model style was expected to be trendy and appealing . marketing and project manager agreed on user interface 's design of a flip -screen . marketing also hoped that the remote control would be slightly curved . user interface added that the remote control would curl up to users ' hands so that their thumbs did not have to press . the corporate logo would be put in the corner . the model would be made of lightweight plastic with a smooth bottom and a nice scallop shell exterior .
this meeting was a children , young people and education committee , and it was conducted in a question and answer format regarding the inquiry into the status of the welsh baccalaureate qualification . they had discussions on whether employers understood the meaning of the welsh bac and how to actually improve the employer 's understanding of the welsh bac . then they gave some answers regarding how well the welsh bac helped to prepare learners for employment . in addition , they had discussions on whether there was a difference in how the welsh bac was valued by learners at the different levels that it was studied , and to what extent that universities understood the value of the welsh bac . they also talked about how comparable the welsh bac was to other qualifications . then they discussed the idea of universal adoption . last but not least , they shared some opinions on the necessity of introducing a specialist teacher -training qualification .
they all agreed that most employers did not have a clear understanding of what welsh bac means or what it includes , which was a big problem not only for employers , but also for parents and young people . though some small engaged employers did understand it , the vast majority focused more on running the business without a clear understanding .
ed evans thought employers did not understand it , but they would appreciate it if they do . this was particularly true for his own sector , the civil engineering sector , and particularly contracting sector . because pupils usually did not have a very strong academic background in this sector , and welsh bac gave them the opportunity to not pursue that much of academic , but tested them in terms of the challenges . therefore , the growth of the welsh bac would be valued at least for this sector .
they proposed that the voice of employers should be a key part of reviewing the qualification . instead of colleges or qualifications boards doing this , employers themselves should do this qualification , which accorded to the vision of the welsh baccalaureate , to improve skills for employment . they really should join employers and schools and education facilities together more in the future .
there had been improvements in the networking within the pru , for they had national meetings on a regular basis , which could lead to a better sharing of practice . the pru was planning to provide teachers with professional training . on the transition arrangement , the pru was building a brand new provision in swansea . the pru would support students through a part -time timetable back into school . besides , the support would not stop as soon as the students returned to school ; the reduction of support would be managed .
one thing needing to be cleared was that welsh bac was a combination of qualifications , but not just one qualification . to develop the employability skills was obviously a key part of it , but not all of it . it obviously worked well to help prepare for employment , but was not for everyone , because some people had to do the other things . it helped prepare some people , such as the a level students for university , but did not help health and social care people become more skilled and employable .
kay martin agreed with other people 's opinion . they tried their best to help learners to develop skills and employable people . welsh bac worked well for preparing employment for some people , but not for everybody . because some people came to school with very few gcsas , or were lacking literacy or numeracy skills . kay martin thought this needed to be reviewed , to look at how they could actually make skilled and employable people .
dafydd evans though that one of the problems was that there were a number of priorities . for example , there were a number of students who needed to resit their gcse . it was important for everybody to get a c grade in those core subjects , but that would take some time from them teaching young people . therefore , there were fewer and fewer doing level 1 and 2 in the baccalaureate because they were resitting their gcses . nick brazil added that welsh bac was a combination of qualifications , and developing the employment was one of the key parts , but not all of it .
they thought most universities did not understand , based on some experience they had with some of their learners that went to russell group universities . but this depended on the admission tutors and the areas that they were going . some areas valued it more , but some others did not .
nick brazil proposed an example of the institution himself was in . they had a long track record of getting learners into top universities . 50 percent of those russell group universities did not value welsh bac for sure . but there were some offering an option with the welsh bac , and those said it was on top of three a2 level grades .
welsh universities were much more willing to recognize the bac . therefore , it was not a huge problem there . however , students who were looking to go out to universities in england encountered some problems . but in terms of bangor and glyndŵr university , there was no problem .
they thought that a lot of skills and challenges that were done within the welsh bac were very similar with the vocational qualification . therefore , a number of those staff had already got those skills . besides , for the vocational lecturers to do that , they had invested heavily in training those vocational lecturers to understand how to deliver the welsh bac and got positive outcomes of the welsh bac , which had been an intensive staff development process .
dafydd evans thought that if it were going to be a success , it would be contextualised . for the vocational lecturers to do that , they had to invest heavily in training those vocational lecturers to understand how to deliver the welsh bac and get positive outcomes of the welsh bac . and this had been an intensive staff development process .
nick brazil thought the number of the skills and the number of challenges that were done within the welsh bac were done very similarly within the vocational qualification . therefore , a number of those staff had already got those skills and they had undertaken that .
this meeting was mainly about conceptual design . industrial designer , marketing and user interface gave presentations mainly on component design , current trend and interface design respectively , based on their research on the website incorporating the ideas from last meeting . a lot of discussions was centred around the fruit and vegetable theme , which was the current marketing trend . in the meanwhile , they had some discussions on physical attributes and the use of energy . they agreed that the screen was not necessary , and tv could be used as the screen instead . in addition , kryptonite became their preferred energy .
